--- PAGE 1 ---
SCHEME INFORMATION DOCUMENT
SECTION I
This product is suitable for
investors who are
Scheme Riskometer Benchmark Riskometer
seeking*:
• long-term capital As per AMFI Tier I Benchmark i.e.
appreciation. BSE 100 TRI
• Investment in equity and
equity-related
instruments of large cap
companies.
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Continuous offer for Units at NAV based prices
Mutual Fund Trustee Company Asset Management Company
SBI Mutual Fund SBI Mutual Fund Trustee SBI Funds Management Limited
Company Private Limited ('AMC')
('Trustee Company') (A joint venture between SBI and
CIN: U65991MH2003PTC138496 AMUNDI)
CIN: U65990MH1992PLC065289
Corporate Office Registered Office: Registered Office:
9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 38 & 39, 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 38 & 39,
38 & 39, G Block, Bandra- G Block, Bandra-Kurla, Complex, G Block, Bandra-Kurla, Complex,
Kurla, Complex, Bandra Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051
(East), Mumbai- 400 051
www.sbimf.com

--- PAGE 2 ---
The particulars of the Scheme have been prepared in accordance with the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, (herein after referred to as SEBI
(MF) Regulations) as amended till date and circulars issued thereunder filed with SEBI,
along with a Due Diligence Certificate from the AMC. The units being offered for public
subscription have not been approved or recommended by SEBI nor has SEBI certified the
accuracy or adequacy of the Scheme Information Document.
The Scheme Information Document sets forth concisely the information about the scheme that a
prospective investor ought to know before investing. Before investing, investors should also ascertain
about any further changes to this Scheme Information Document after the date of this Document from
the Mutual Fund / Investor Service Centres / Website / Distributors or Brokers.
The investors are advised to refer to the Statement of Additional Information (SAI) for
details of SBI Mutual Fund, Standard Risk Factors, Special Considerations, Tax and Legal
issues and general information on www.sbimf.com.
SAI is incorporated by reference (is legally a part of the Scheme Information Document).
For a free copy of the current SAI, please contact your nearest Investor Service Centre
or log on to our website.
The Scheme Information Document (Section I and II) should be read in conjunction with
the SAI and not in isolation.
This Scheme Information Document is dated October 31, 2025.

--- PAGE 3 ---
Part I. HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME
Sr. No. Title Description
I. Name of the scheme
SBI Large Cap Fund (erstwhile known as SBI BlueChip Fund)
II. Category of the Scheme
Equity – Large Cap Fund
III. Scheme type An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in large cap
stocks
IV. Scheme code SBIM/O/E/LCF/05/12/0027
V. Investment objective The investment objective of the Scheme is to provide investors with
opportunities for long-term growth in capital through an active
management of investments in a diversified basket of large cap equity
stocks (as specified by SEBI/AMFI from time to time).
There is no assurance that the investment objective of the Scheme will
be achieved.
VI. Liquidity/listing details The scheme being offered is an open ended scheme. The scheme
would provide redemption / switch facility to investor on every business
day at applicable NAV subject to prevailing exit load
VII. Benchmark (Total Return BSE 100 TRI
Index) The composition of the aforesaid benchmark is such that it is most
suited for comparing performance of the scheme. The Trustee
reserves the right to change the benchmark if due to a change in
market conditions, a different index /indices appears to provide a more
appropriate basis for comparison of fund performance.
VIII. NAV disclosure 11.00 p.m. on same business day -
10:00 a.m. on following business day – In case the scheme invests in
foreign securities
. Further Details in Section II.
IX. Applicable timelines Timeline for
• Dispatch of redemption proceeds - within 3 working days from the
date of redemption or repurchase (under normal circumstances)
Further, in exceptional situations additional timelines in line with
AMFI letter no. AMFI/35P/MEM -COR/74/2022-23 dated January
16, 2023 will be applicable for transfer of redemption or repurchase
proceeds to the unitholders.
Dispatch of IDCW (if applicable) - Within 7 working days from the
record date.

--- PAGE 4 ---
X. Plans and Options The Scheme has two plans viz. Regular plan & Direct plan
Plans/Options and sub
options under the Scheme Options under each Plan(s)
Both plans provide two options for investment – Growth Option and
Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal (IDCW) Option. Under
the IDCW option, facility for Reinvestment of Income Distribution
cum capital withdrawal option (IDCW Re-investment), Payout of
Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal option (IDCW Payout)
& Transfer of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal plan
(IDCW Transfer)is available. Between “Growth” or “IDCW” option,
the default will be treated as “Growth”. In “IDCW” option between
“IDCW Re-investment”, “IDCW Payout” or “IDCW Transfer”, the
default will be treated as “IDCW Payout.
For detailed disclosure on default plans and options, kindly refer SAI
and section II of the SID.
XI. Load Structure Exit Load:
o For exit within 30 days from the date of allotment - 0.25%
• For exit after 30 days and within 90 days from the date of allotment
- 0.10%
• For exit after 90 days from the date of allotment- NIL
The AMC reserves the right to modify / change the load structure on
a prospective basis.
XII. Minimum Application • During NFO: N.A.
Amount/switch in • On continuous basis: Rs 5,000/- and in multiples of Re. 1/-
thereafter
Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI
Funds Management Limited in line with paragraph 6.10 of the SEBI
Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, requirement
for minimum application/ redemption amount will not be applicable.
Rs. 1000/- and in multiples of Re. 1/- thereafter
XIII. Minimum Additional
Purchase Amount
XIV. Minimum Rs.500/- or 1 Unit or account balance, whichever is lower.
Redemption/switch out
amount Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI Funds
Management Limited in line with paragraph 6.10 of the SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, requirement for
minimum application/ redemption amount will not be applicable.
XV. New Fund Offer Period NFO opens on: N.A.
This is the period during NFO closes on: N.A.
which a new scheme
sells its units to the This is not New Fund Offer Period and the units are available for
investors. continuous subscription and redemption at NAV based prices
XVI. New Fund Offer Price: N.A.
This is the price per unit
that the investors have to
pay to invest during the
NFO.

--- PAGE 5 ---
XVII. Segregated portfolio/side The Scheme does not undertake segregated portfolio.
pocketing disclosure
XVIII Swing pricing disclosure The Scheme does not undertake swing pricing.
XIX. Stock lending/short Yes, the Scheme may engage in stock lending.
selling For Details, kindly refer SAI
XX. How to Apply and other
details Investors are advised to refer SAI & application form for instructions.
Please note that Applications complete in all respects together with
necessary remittance may be submitted at any OPAT of SBIMF. The
application amount in cheque shall be payable to “SBI Large cap
Fund”. The Cheques should be payable at the Centre where the
application is lodged. No outstation cheques or stock invests will be
accepted.
Investors are requested to note that application form is available with
Investor Service Centres (ISCs)/Official Points of Acceptance (OPAs)
of SBI Mutual Fund or can be downloaded from
https://www.sbimf.com/forms. The list of the Investor Service Centres
(ISCs)/Official Points of Acceptance (OPAs) is also available on
https://www.sbimf.com/contact-us.
Further, pursuant to AMFI Best Practice Guidelines Circular dated
January 31, 2025, financial transactions received through email in
respect of non-individual investors will be accepted subject to terms
and conditions.
For details kindly refer section II.
XXI. Investor services Details of Investor Relations Officer of the AMC:
Name: Mr. C A Santosh
Address: SBI Funds Management Ltd.,
Investor Relations Officer)
Address: 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 38 & 39, G Block, Bandra-Kurla,
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051
Telephone number: 022 61793537
e-mail: customer.delight@sbimf.com
XXII Specific attribute of the N.A.
scheme (such as lock in,
duration in case of target
maturity scheme/close
ended schemes) (as
applicable)
XXIII Special product/facility The Scheme offers following facilities on an ongoing basis:
available during the NFO
and on ongoing basis
(i) Systematic Investment Plan
For investors, the fund offers a Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) at
all our Official point of acceptance of SBI MF’s locations. Under this
Facility, an investor can invest a fixed amount per frequency. This
facility will help the investor to average out their cost of investment

--- PAGE 6 ---
over a period of six months or one year and thus overcome the short-
term fluctuations in the market.
The Scheme offers daily, weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual &
Annual Systematic Investment Plan.
(ii) Systematic Withdrawal Plan
Under SWP, a minimum amount of Rs. 500/- can be withdrawn every
month or quarter or weekly or half yearly or on an annual basis by
indicating in the application form or by issuing advance instructions
to the Registrar at any time. The Scheme offers Day based and Date
based SWP.
(iii) Systematic Transfer Plan
Systematic Transfer Plan is a combination of systematic withdrawal
from one scheme and systematic investment into another scheme.
Therefore the minimum amount of withdrawals applicable under
SWP would be applicable to STP also. Similarly the minimum
investments applicable for each scheme under SIP would be
applicable to STP.
For further details of special products / facilities, kindly refer SAI and
section II of the SID.
XXV. Weblink
Please refer to our website for the following:
TER for last 6 months/ Daily TER:
Please refer https://www.sbimf.com/total-expense-ratio-of-mutual-
fund-schemes
Scheme factsheet:
Please refer https://www.sbimf.com/factsheets

--- PAGE 8 ---
Part II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME
A. HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSETS?
The asset allocation pattern under normal circumstances would be as follows:
Indicative
Instruments allocations (% of
total assets)
Minimum Maximum
Equity and equity related instruments of
large cap companies* (including 80% 100%
Derivatives)
Other equities and equity related
0% 20%
instruments
Units issued by REIT/InVIT^ 0% 10%
Debt instruments (including securitized
0% 20%
debt)
Money Market Instruments 0% 20%
• The scheme may engage in stock lending - upto 20% of the net assets of the scheme.
• Exposure to derivatives instruments to the extent of 50% of the Net Assets as permitted by SEBI
• The Scheme may seek investment opportunities in foreign securities including ADRs / GDRs / Foreign equity
and debt securities subject to the Regulations. Such investment shall not exceed 20% of the net assets of the
Scheme inline with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-1/P/CIR/149 dated November 04, 2024.
Pursuant to paragraph 12.19.1.3(c) of SEBI’s Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, on an
ongoing basis the scheme will have an investment headroom of 20% of the average AUM in Overseas securities
/ Overseas ETFs of the previous three calendar months for that month to invest in Overseas securities /
Overseas ETFs subject to maximum limits.
• The scheme may invest in mutual fund units as permissible.
• The Scheme may invest in repo in corporate debt.
*Large Cap Stocks – 1st -100th company in terms of full market capitalization. This will be in line with
limits/classification defined by AMFI/SEBI from time to time
Other equities could include mid and small cap stocks. Mid Cap:101st to 250th company in terms of full market
capitalization. Small Cap: 251st company onwards in terms of full market capitalization. The exposure across these
stocks will be in line with limits/classification defined by AMFI/SEBI from time to time.
^The exposure will be in line with SEBI/AMFI limits specified from time to time
The cumulative gross exposure through equity, debt, derivative positions (including commodity and fixed income
derivatives), repo transactions and credit default swaps in corporate debt securities, Real Estate Investment Trusts
(REITs), Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs), other permitted securities/assets and such other securities/assets
as may be permitted by the SEBI from time to time should not exceed 100% of the net assets of the scheme in
accordance with Paragraph 12.24 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual funds.
However, pursuant to paragraph 12.25 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024 and SEBI

--- PAGE 9 ---
letter no. SEBI/ HO/ IMD – II/ DOF3 / OW/ P/ 2021/ 31487/ 1 dated November 3, 2021 addressed to AMFI, it has
been mentioned that cash or cash equivalents like Government securities, T-Bills and repo on Government
Securities with residual maturity of less than 91 days may be treated as not creating any exposure.
Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI circulars)
Sl. no Type of Instrument Percentage of exposure Circular references
1. Securities Lending The Scheme shall adhere to Regulation 44(4) of SEBI Mutual
the following limits should it Fund Regulations 1996 read with
engage in Stock Lending. Para 12.11 of the SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated
• Not more than 20% of June 27, 2024
the net assets of the
Scheme can generally
be deployed in Stock
Lending.
• Not more than 5% of the
net assets of the
Scheme can generally
be deployed in Stock
Lending to any single
counter party (as may be
applicable).
2. Equity Derivatives for Upto 50% Para 12.25 of the SEBI Master
hedging and non- hedging Circular for Mutual Funds dated
purposes June 27, 2024
3. Overseas Securities Upto 20% Para 12.19 of the SEBI Master
including ADRs / GDRs / Circular for Mutual Funds dated
Foreign equity and debt June 27, 2024 read with SEBI
securities Circular No. SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-
PoD-1/P/CIR/149 dated November
04, 2024
4. Units of Mutual Funds Scheme may invest in Clause 4 of Schedule 7 read with
another scheme under the Regulation 44(1)
same asset management
company or any other
mutual fund without
charging any fees, provided
that aggregate inter-
scheme investments made
by all schemes under the
same management or in
schemes under the
management of any other
asset management
company shall not exceed
5% of the net asset value of
the mutual fund
5. Repo in Corporate Debt Upto 10% Paragraph 12.18 of the SEBI
Master Circular dated June 27,
2024

--- PAGE 10 ---
Changing in asset allocation:
The above investment pattern is indicative and may be changed by the Fund Manager for a short term period on
defensive considerations, keeping in view market conditions, market opportunities, applicable SEBI (Mutual Funds)
Regulations 1996, legislative amendments and other political and economic factors, the intention being at all times
to seek to protect the interests of the Unit Holders. If the exposure falls outside the above mentioned asset allocation
pattern, the portfolio to be rebalanced by AMC within 30 days from the date of said deviation.
Portfolio Rebalancing:
Pursuant to Paragraph 2.9 of Master Circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024 read with SEBI circular no.
SEBI/HO/IMD/PoD2/P/CIR/2025/92 dated June 26, 2025 in case the fund manager for any reason is not able to
rebalance the asset allocation due to passive breaches (occurrence of instances not arising out of omission and
commission of AMC) within 30 business days from the date of deviation , justification in writing, including details of
efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before Investment Committee. The Investment Committee, if
so desires, can extend the timelines up to sixty (60) business days from the date of completion of mandated
rebalancing period. Further, it will follow timelines for rebalancing of portfolios of Mutual Fund Schemes, reporting &
disclosure requirements in pursuant to the Paragraph 2.9.4 of Master Circular for mutual funds . The funds raised
under the scheme shall be invested only in transferable securities as per Regulation 44(1), Schedule 7 of the SEBI
(Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996.
There can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved.
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST?
I. Equity and Equity Related Instruments:
1.Equity share is a security that represents ownership interest in a company.
2.Equity Related Instruments are securities which give the holder of the security right to receive Equity Shares on
pre agreed terms. It includes convertible/optionally convertible/compulsorily convertible preference shares, share,
convertible debentures, convertible preference shares, warrants carrying the right to obtain equity shares, equity
derivatives and such other instrument as may be specified by the Board from time to time.
3.Equity Derivatives (Futures and Options)
II. Debt Instruments & Money Market Instruments
1. Certificate of Deposits (CDs)
2. Commercial Paper (CPs)
3. Treasury Bills (T-Bills)
4. Triparty Repo
5. Securities created and issued by the Central Governments as may be permitted by RBI, securities guaranteed
by the Central Governments (including but not limited to coupon bearing bonds, zero coupon bonds and treasury
bills). Such securities could be fixed rate, fixed interest rate with put/call option, zero coupon bond, floating rate
bonds, capital indexed bonds, Fixed Interest security with staggered maturity payment etc.
6. Debentures as well as bonds issued by companies / institutions promoted / owned by the Central Governments
and statutory bodies, which may or may not carry a Central Government guarantee, Public and private sector
banks, All India Financial Institutions, Private Sector Companies. These instruments may be secured or unsecured
against the assets of the Company and generally issued to meet the short term and long-term fund requirements.
These instruments include Fixed Interest Security with/without put/call option, floating rate bonds, zero coupon
bonds.
7. Floating rate debt instruments issued by central government, corporates, PSUs etc. with coupon reset
periodically. Fund Manager will have the flexibility to invest the debt component into floating rate debt securities in
order to reduce the impact of rising interest rate in the economy.
8. Repo (Repurchase Agreement) or Reverse Repo.
9. Securitized Debt (SD)/Pass Through Certificate (PTC).

--- PAGE 11 ---
III. Foreign Securities
Foreign securities including ADRs / GDRs / Foreign equity and debt securities as may be permitted by SEBI/RBI
from time to time inline with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-1/P/CIR/149 dated November 04, 2024.
IV. Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs) & Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT)
Any other instruments / securities, which in the opinion of the fund manager would suit the investment
objective/asset allocation of the scheme subject to compliance with extant Regulations. The Scheme may invest
in other Schemes managed by the AMC or in the Schemes of any other Mutual Fund(s), provided such investment
is in conformity to the investment objectives of the Scheme and in terms of the prevailing Regulations.
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES?
The scheme follows a blend of growth and value style of investing. The scheme will follow a combination of top
down and bottom-up approach to stock-picking and choose companies across sectors. The scheme will
predominantly invest in diversified portfolio of large cap stocks. Large Cap Stocks are – 1st -100th company in
terms of full market capitalization. This will be in line with limits/classification defined by AMFI/SEBI from time to
time. The scheme will predominantly be actively managed to achieve its investment objective.
Derivatives Strategy:
The Scheme may take exposure to derivatives for hedging and/or non-hedging purpose as permitted by
regulations from time to time. Such exposure to derivative instruments will be in line with the investment objective
and overall strategy of the scheme.
Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as
disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the fund
manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the fund
manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No assurance can be
given that the fund manager will be able to identify or execute such strategies.
The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the risks associated
with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
For detailed derivative strategies, please refer to SAI.
For details pertaining to Risk Controls Strategies refer Point no. C in section II of the Scheme Information
Document.
PORTFOLIO TURNOVER
The Portfolio Turnover is defined as the lower of the value of purchases or sales as a percentage of the average
corpus of the Scheme during a specified period of time. The Asset Management Company does not have a policy
statement on portfolio turnover. Generally, the Asset Management Company's portfolio management style is
conducive to a low portfolio turnover rate. However, given the nature of the Scheme which follows a monthly cycle
or rollover / positions the portfolio turnover is expected to be high. Further, there are trading opportunities that
present themselves from time to time. These trading opportunities may be due to trading opportunities in equities,
changes in interest rate policy by the Reserve Bank of India, shifts in the yield curve, credit rating changes or any
other factors where in the opinion of the fund manager there is an opportunity to enhance the total return of the
portfolio. It will be the endeavour of the fund manager to keep portfolio turnover rates as low as possible.
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE?
The First Tier benchmark of the Scheme is BSE 100 Index TRI

--- PAGE 12 ---
The composition of the aforesaid benchmark is such that it is most suited for comparing performance of the
scheme. The Trustee reserve the right to change the benchmark if due to a change in market conditions, a different
index /indices appears to provide a more appropriate basis for comparison of fund performance.
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME?
Name of the Educational Experience
Fund Manager, Qualifications
Age & tenure of
managing the
scheme
Mr. Saurabh Pant B.Com, MBE, Mr. Saurabh has over 16 years experience in Indian capital
C.F.A (USA) markets in the capacity of research analyst. He joined SBI
Age : 40 years Funds Management Ltd in May 2007 as Research Analyst.
Tenure of He is currently managing SBI Large & Midcap Fund, SBI
managing the Multicap Fund, SBI Large cap Fund, and SBI Conservative
scheme : 1.6 year. Hybrid Fund (equity portion).
Managing since
April 2024.
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE
MUTUAL FUND?
The investment objective of SBI Large cap Fund would be to provide investors with opportunities for
long-term growth in capital through an active management of investments in a diversified basket of
large cap equity stocks (as specified by SEBI/AMFI from time to time).
There is no assurance that the investment objective of the Scheme will be achieved.
Reference list of existing open ended equity schemes of SBI Mutual Fund are as follows:
Sr. no Name of Scheme Scheme Category
1 SBI MNC Fund Thematic Fund
2 SBI Small Cap Fund Small Cap Fund
3 SBI Multi Cap Fund Multi Cap Fund
4 SBI Dividend Yield Fund Dividend Yield Fund
5 SBI Comma Fund Thematic Funds
6 SBI Contra Fund Contra Fund
7 SBI Focused Fund Focused Fund
8 SBI Large & Midcap Fund Large & Mid Cap Fund
9 SBI Energy Opportunities Fund Thematic Fund
10 SBI Infrastructure Fund Sectoral Fund
11 SBI MidCap Fund Mid Cap Fund
12 SBI Technology Opportunities Fund Sectoral Fund
13 SBI Flexicap Fund Flexi Cap Fund
14 SBI Banking & Financial Services Fund Sectoral Fund
15 SBI Equity Minimum Variance Fund Thematic Funds
16 SBI PSU Fund Sectoral Funds
17 SBI Large Cap Fund Large Cap Fund
18 SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund ELSS

--- PAGE 13 ---
19 SBI ESG Exclusionary Strategy Fund Thematic Funds
20 SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund Thematic Funds
21 SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund Sectoral Funds
22 SBI Automotive Opportunities Fund Sectoral Funds
23 SBI Innovative Opportunities Fund Sectoral Funds
24 SBI Quant Fund Thematic Fund
For comparative details of other schemes of SBI Mutual Fund, please refer to our website
https://www.sbimf.com/offer-document-sid-kim
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED
i) Performance of the Scheme (in %) as on September 30, 2025:
Scheme Returns Scheme Returns Benchmark
Benchmark
% % Returns %
Returns %
Compounded
SBI Large Cap
Annualized Returns SBI Large Cap
Fund - Regular BSE 100
Fund - Direct Plan BSE 100 TRI
Plan – Growth TRI
– Growth Option
Option
Returns for the last 1
year (3.77) (4.39) (3.11) (4.39)
Returns for the last 3
years 14.55 15.15 15.35 15.15
Returns for the last 5
years 18.93 19.32 19.78 19.32
Returns since inception
11.92 12.89 15.16 13.61
As scheme benchmark TRI data is not available since inception of the scheme, benchmark
performance is calculated using composite CAGR of BSE 100 PRI values from 14-Feb-06 to 31-
Jul-06 and TRI values since 01-Aug-06.
Date of inception: 14/02/2006. Direct plan was introduced from January 01, 2013.
Financial Year Wise Performance:

--- PAGE 15 ---
NAV will be disclosed under SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. NAV can also be viewed on www.sbimf.com
and www.amfiindia.com.
The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of Association of Mutual Funds in India - AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) by 11.00 p.m. on every business day.
However, whenever the Scheme also invests in foreign securities, the NAVs of Scheme shall be updated on daily
basis on the website of the AMC and on the website of AMFI by 10:00 a.m. of the following business day in line
with Paragraph 8.2 of Master Circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024.
In case of non-availability of price/valuation for the underlying overseas investments before aforementioned
timeline, consequent to which there would be inability in capturing same day price/valuation for such underlying
investments, then NAV of the Scheme will be declared as and when the price/valuation for such underlying
securities/ Funds is available.
In case of any delay, the reasons for such delay would be explained to AMFI and SEBI by the next day. If the
NAVs are not available before commencement of business hours on the following day due to any reason, the Fund
shall issue a press release providing reasons and explaining when the Fund would be able to publish the NAVs.
Further, as per SEBI Regulations, the repurchase price shall not be lower than 95% of the NAV.
Illustration on computation of NAV: If the net assets of the Scheme are Rs.10,45,34,345.34 and units
outstanding are 10,000,000, then the NAV per unit will be computed as follows: 10,45,34,345.34 / 10,000,000 =
Rs. 10.4534 p.u. (rounded off to four decimals)
Methodology for calculation of sale and re-purchase price of the units of mutual fund scheme:
Let’s assume that the NAV of a Mutual Fund Scheme on April 01, 2018 is Rs. 10/-.
Purchase of mutual fund units:
The Purchase Price of the Units on an ongoing basis will be same as Applicable NAV.
Purchase Price = Applicable NAV
In the above example, purchase is done on April 01, 2018, when the Applicable NAV = Rs. 10/-
Therefore, Purchase Price = Rs. 10/-
As per existing Regulations, no entry load is charged with respect to applications for purchase / additional purchase
of mutual funds units.
Redemption/Re-purchase of mutual fund units
The Redemption Price of the Units will be calculated on the basis of the Applicable NAV subject to prevailing Exit
Load, if any. In case of redemption, the amount payable to the investor shall be calculated as follows:
Redemption Price = Applicable NAV * (1 - Exit Load)
Say, in the above example the exit load applicable is:
a. For exit on or before 12 months from the date of allotment – 1.00%
b. For exit after 12 months from the date of allotment – Nil.
Scenario 1: Redemption is done during applicability of exit load

--- PAGE 16 ---
In case the investor requests for redemption on or before 12 months i.e. on or before March 31, 2019; say
December 1, 2018, when the NAV of the scheme is Rs. 12/- and the exit load applicable is 1%, so the
Redemption amount payable to investor shall be calculated as follows:
Redemption Price = Applicable NAV * (1 - Exit Load)
= Rs. 12 * (1-1%) = Rs. 11.88/-
Scenario 2: Redemption is done when the exit load is NIL
In case the investor requests for redemption after 12 months i.e. after March 31, 2019; say April 1, 2019,
when the NAV of the scheme is Rs. 12/- and the exit load applicable is NIL, so the Redemption amount
payable to investor shall be calculated as follows:
Redemption Price = Applicable NAV * (1 - Exit Load)
= Rs. 12 * (1-0) = Rs. 12/-
The aforesaid example does not take into consideration any applicable statutory levies or taxes.
Accordingly, the redemption amount payable to investor shall further reduce to the extent of applicable
statutory levies or taxes.
Note: The aforesaid disclosure has been made pursuant to paragraph 8.1.5 of the SEBI Master Circular for
mutual funds dated June 27, 2024.
For other details such as policies w.r.t computation of NAV, rounding off, investment in foreign
securities, procedure in case of delay in disclosure of NAV etc. refer to SAI
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES
These expenses are incurred for the purpose of various activities related to the NFO like sales
and distribution fees paid marketing and advertising, registrar expenses, printing and stationary,
bank charges etc..- Not Applicable
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES
These are the fees and expenses for operating the scheme. These expenses include
Investment Management and Advisory Fee charged by the AMC, Registrar and Transfer
Agents’ fee, marketing and selling costs etc. as given in the table below:
The AMC has estimated that upto 2.25% (plus allowed under regulation 52(6A)) of the daily net
asset will be charged to the scheme as expenses. The maximum annual recurring expenses that
can be charged to the Scheme, excluding issue or redemption expenses, whether initially borne by
the mutual fund or by the asset management company, but including the investment management
and advisory fee shall be within the limits stated in Regulations 52 read with chapter 10 of SEBI
master circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024. The AMC may charge the investment and
advisory fees within the limits of total expenses prescribed under Regulation 52 of the SEBI (Mutual
Funds) Regulation.
Expense Head % of daily
Net
Assets
Investment Management and Advisory Fees
Trustee fee Upto
Audit fees 2.25%
Custodian fees

--- PAGE 17 ---
RTA Fees
Marketing & Selling expense incl. agent commission
Cost related to investor communications
Cost of fund transfer from location to location
Cost of providing account statements and Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal redemption cheques and warrants
Costs of statutory Advertisements
Cost towards investor education & awareness (at least 2 bps)
Brokerage & transaction cost over and above 12 bps and 5 bps for cash and
derivative market trades resp.
Goods & Service tax on expenses other than investment and advisory fees
Goods & Service tax on brokerage and transaction cost
Other Expenses ^
Maximum total expense ratio (TER) permissible under Regulation 52 (6) Upto
(c) 2.25%
Additional expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c)* Upto
0.05%
Additional expenses for gross new inflows from specified cities
Upto
0.30%
^ Any other expenses which are directly attributable to the Scheme, may be charged with the approval of the
Trustee within the overall limits as specified in the Regulations except those expenses which are specifically
prohibited.
*Pursuant to paragraph 10.1.7 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, additional
expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c) shall not be levied if the scheme doesn’t have exit load.
Direct Plan shall have a lower expense ratio excluding distribution expenses, commission, etc as compared to
Regular Plan and no commission for distribution of Units will be paid/ charged under Direct Plan. Both the plans
viz. Regular and Direct plan shall have common portfolio. However, Regular Plan and Direct Plan shall have
different NAVs.
For investor education and awareness initiative, the AMC or the Schemes of the Fund will annually set apart at
least 0.02 percent of daily net asset of the Schemes of the Fund within the maximum limit of the total expense
ratio as per SEBI Regulation
The aforesaid expenses are fungible within the overall maximum limit prescribed under SEBI (Mutual Funds)
Regulations. This means that mutual fund can charge expenses within overall limits, without any internal cap on
the aforesaid expenses head. Types of expenses charged shall be as per the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulation,
1996.
These estimates have been made in good faith as per the information available to the Investment Manager based
on past experience and are subject to change inter-se. Types of expenses charged shall be as per the SEBI
(MF) Regulations.
Pursuant to SEBI Notification dated December 13, 2018, the maximum total expenses of the scheme under
Regulation 52(6)(c) shall be subject to following limits
Assets Under Management Slab (In Rs. Total expense ratio limits
crore)
On the first Rs.500 crores of the daily net 2.25%
assets

--- PAGE 18 ---
On the next Rs.250 crores of the daily net 2.00%
assets
On the next Rs.1,250 crores of the daily net 1.75%
assets
On the next Rs.3,000 crores of the daily net 1.60%
assets
On the next Rs.5,000 crores of the daily net 1.50%
assets
On the next Rs.40,000 crores of the daily net Total expense ratio reduction of 0.05% for
assets every increase of Rs.5,000 crores of daily net
assets or part thereof.
On balance of the assets 1.05%
The scheme may charge additional expenses incurred towards different heads mentioned under regulations (2)
and (4), not exceeding 0.05% of the daily net assets.
In addition to expenses permissible under Regulation 52 (6) (c), the following expenses will be charged to the
scheme:
1. The Goods & Service tax on investment management and advisory fees would be charged in addition to the
above limit.
2. Brokerage and transaction costs which are incurred for the purpose of execution of trade up to 0.12 per cent of
trade value in case of cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of trade value in case of derivatives
transactions. Further, in terms of paragraph 10.1.14 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual funds dated June 27,
2024, any payment towards brokerage and transaction cost, over and above the said 12 bps and 5bps for cash
market transactions and derivatives transactions respectively may be charged to the scheme within the
maximum limit of Total Expense Ratio (TER) as prescribed under regulation 52 of the SEBI (Mutual Funds)
Regulations, 1996. Goods & Service tax on brokerage and transaction cost paid for execution of trade, if any,
shall be within the limit prescribed under regulation 52 of the Regulations
3. In terms of Regulation 52 (6A) (b), expenses not exceeding of 0.30 per cent of daily net assets, if the new
inflows from such cities as specified from time to time are at least –
- 30 percent of gross new inflows in the scheme, or;
- 15 percent of the average assets under management of the scheme, whichever is higher:
Provided that if inflows from such cities is less than the higher of sub-clause (i) or sub clause (ii), such expenses
on daily net assets of the scheme shall be charged on proportionate basis:
Provided further that expenses charged under this clause shall be utilised for distribution expenses incurred for
bringing inflows from such cities:
Provided further that amount incurred as expense on account of inflows from such cities shall be credited back
to the scheme in case the said inflows are redeemed within a period of one year from the date of investment.
Further, GST on expenses other than investment and advisory fees shall be borne by the Scheme within the
maximum limit of annual recurring expenses as prescribed in Regulation 52.
The additional TER in terms of Regulation 52(6A)(b) of SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 shall be charged
based on inflows from Retail Investors from beyond top 30 cities (B-30 cities). Accordingly, the inflows of amount
upto Rs 2,00,000/- per transaction, by individual investors shall be considered as inflows from “Retail Investors
The Mutual Fund would disclose daily Total Expense Ratio (TER) of scheme on the mutual fund website and on
the website of AMFI. Any change in the base TER (i.e. TER excluding additional expenses provided in Regulation
52(6A)(b), 52(6A)(c) of SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 and Goods and Services Tax on investment
management and advisory fees) in comparison to previous base TER charged to the scheme/plan will be

--- PAGE 19 ---
communicated to investors and the notice of such change in base TER will be updated on the website, at least
three working days prior to effecting such change, in the manner specified by SEBI from time to time. Investors
can refer to our website https://www.sbimf.com/en-us/disclosure/total-expense-ratio-of-mutual-fund-schemes for
the actual current expenses being charged
Note: SEBI vide its letter no. SEBI/HO/IMD-SEC-3/P/OW/2023/5823/1 dated February 24, 2023 and AMFI letter
dated No. 35P/ MEM-COR/ 85-a/ 2022-23 dated March 02, 2023 has directed AMCs to keep B-30 incentive
structure in abeyance with effect from March 01, 2023 till further notice.
All scheme related expenses including commission paid to distributors, by whatever name it may be called
and in whatever manner it may be paid, shall necessarily paid from the scheme only within the regulatory
limits and not from the books of AMC, its associate, sponsor, trustees or any other entity through any route
in terms of SEBI circulars, subject to the clarifications provided by SEBI to AMFI vide letter dated February
21 , 2019 on implementation of SEBI Circular on Total Expense Ratio (TER) and performance disclosure
for Mutual Fund.
Illustration of impact of expense ratio on scheme’ s returns:
Particulars Regular Plan Direct plan
Opening NAV (INR Rs) -> (a) 100 100
Scheme's Gross return for the year -> (b) 10% 10%
Closing NAV before charging expenses -> (c ) 110 110
Total Expense charged in (INR Rs) -> (d) 1.0 0.75
NAV after charging expenses -> (e ) = (c ) - (d ) 109.0 109.25
Net Return to the investor 9.00% 9.25%
1) The above computation assumes no investment/ redemption made during the year. The investment is made
in the Growth option of the scheme.
2) The above computation is simply to illustrate the impact of expenses of the scheme. The actual expenses
charged to the scheme will not be more than the amount that can be charged to the scheme as mentioned
in this SID.
3) It is assumed that expenses charged are evenly distributed throughout the year. Tax impact on customers
has not been considered due to the individual nature of this impact.
4) Calculations shown in the above table are for illustrative and understanding purposes only and actual returns
may differ from those considered above
D. LOAD STRUCTURE
Exit Load is an amount which is paid by the investor to redeem the units from the scheme. Load
amounts are variable and are subject to change from time to time. For the current applicable structure,
please refer to the website of the AMC (www.sbimf.com) or may call at (toll free no. 1800 209 3333/1800
425 5425.) or your distributor.
Type of Load Load chargeable (as %age of NAV)
Exit Load o For exit within 30 days from the date of allotment - 0.25%;
• For exit after 30 days and within 90 days from the date of allotment -
0.10%
• For exit after 90 days from the date of allotment- NIL

--- PAGE 20 ---
The AMC reserves the right to modify / change the load structure on a
prospective basis.
Please note that no Exit Load shall be charged for switching between Plans within the said Scheme
The charges stated above are a percentage of the NAV.
Switch over Between Growth and IDCW options of the Scheme will be at NAV.
Bonus units and units issued on Re-investment of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal shall not be subject
to entry and exit load.
The AMC reserves the right to introduce a load structure, levy a different load structure or remove the load structure
in the scheme at any time after giving notice to that effect to the investors.
The upfront commission on investment, if any, shall be paid to the ARN Holder directly by the investor, based on
the investor’s assessment of various factors including service rendered by the ARN Holder.
The exit load charged, if any, after the commencement of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) (Second Amendment)
Regulations, 2012, shall be credited to the scheme. Goods & Service tax on exit load shall be paid out of the exit
load proceeds and exit load net of Goods & Service tax shall be credited to the scheme.
Exit load/ CDSC (if any) up to 1% of the redemption value charged to the unit holder by the Fund on redemption of
units shall be retained by each of the schemes/ plans in a separate account and will be utilized for payment of
commissions to the ARN Holder and to meet other marketing and selling expenses.
Any amount in excess of 1% of the redemption value charged to the unit holder as exit load/ CDSC shall be credited
to the respective scheme/ plan immediately.
The exit load charged, if any, after the commencement of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) (Second Amendment)
Regulations, 2012, shall be credited to the scheme. Goods & Service tax on exit load shall be paid out of the exit
load proceeds and exit load net of Goods & Service tax shall be credited to the scheme.
For any change in load structure AMC will issue an addendum and display it on the website/OPAT of SBI MF.
Any imposition or enhancement in the load shall be applicable on prospective investments only. At the time of
changing the load structure, the mutual fund may consider the following measures to avoid complaints from investors
about investment in the schemes without knowing the loads:
i. The AMC shall be required to issue an addendum and display the same on its website immediately.
ii. The addendum shall be circulated to all the distributors/brokers/Investor Service Centre (ISC) so that the same
can be attached to all KIM and SID already in stock till it is updated.
iii. Latest applicable addendum shall be a part of KIM and SID. (E.g. in case of changes in load structure the
addendum carrying the latest applicable load structure shall be attached to all KIM and SID already in stock till it is
updated).
iv. Further, the account statements shall continue to include applicable load structure.
In accordance with SEBI Regulations, the repurchase price will not be lower than 95% of the NAV.
The investor is requested to check the prevailing load structure of the Scheme before investing.

--- PAGE 21 ---
Section II
I. Introduction
A. Definitions/interpretation
Please refer the definitions/interpretation as disclosed on our website under: https://www.sbimf.com/offer-
document-sid-kim
B. Risk factors
Scheme specific risk factors
a. The Trustees, AMC, Fund, their directors or their employees shall not be liable for any tax consequences that
may arise in the event that the scheme is wound up for the reasons and in the manner provided under the
Scheme Information Document & Statement of Additional Information.
b. Redemption by the Magnum/Unit holder due to change in the fundamental attributes of the Scheme or due to
any other reasons may entail tax consequences. The Trustees, AMC, Fund their directors or their employees
shall not be liable for any tax consequences that may arise.
c. The tax benefits described in the SID are as available under the present taxation laws and are available
subject to relevant condition. The information given is included only for general purpose and is based on
advice received by the AMC regarding the law and practice currently in force in India and the Investors and
Unit Holders should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules or their interpretation may change. As in the case
with any investment, there can be no guarantee that the tax position or the proposed tax position prevailing
at the time of the investment in the Scheme will endure indefinitely. In view of the individual nature of tax
consequences, each Investor / Unit holder is advised to consult his/her/its own professional tax advisor.
d. SBI Large cap Fund would be investing in Equity and equity related instruments of large cap companies
(including Derivatives), Other equities and equity related instruments, Units issued by REIT/InVIT, Debt
instruments (including securitized debt) & Money Market Instruments . The liquidity of the scheme’s
investments is inherently restricted by trading volumes and settlement periods. In the event of an inordinately
large number of redemption requests, or of a restructuring of the scheme’s investment portfolio, these periods
may become significant. In view of the same, the Trustees may limit redemptions (including suspending
redemptions) under certain circumstances as specified in this document.
e. Subject to necessary approvals, the Scheme may invest in securities in overseas markets, which could be
exposed to currency risk, sovereign risk, economic and political risks. Prices of ADR/GDR may not move in
consonance with the domestic underlying stock due to currency movements and the prices could also be
trading at a discount/premium to the underlying stocks
f. Stock Lending:. Securities Lending is a lending of securities through an approved intermediary to a borrower
under an agreement for a specified period with the condition that the borrower will return equivalent securities
of the same type or class at the end of the specified period along with the corporate benefits accruing on the
securities borrowed. There are risks inherent in securities lending, including the risk of failure of the other
party, in which case the securities might go in for auction. In the event of exceptional circumstances resulting
in non-availability of securities in auction, such transactions would be financially closed-out at appropriate
rates as per exchange regulations. Besides, there will also be temporary illiquidity of the securities that are
lent out and the Scheme(s) will not be able to sell such lent out securities until they are returned.
g. Investments under the scheme may also be subject to the following risks:
i. Equity and equity related risk: Equity instruments carry both company specific and market risks and hence no
assurance of returns can be made for these investments.

--- PAGE 22 ---
ii. Credit risk: Credit risk is risk resulting from uncertainty in counterparty's ability or willingness to meet its
contractual obligations. This risk pertains to the risk of default of payment of principal and interest.
Government Securities have zero credit risk while other debt instruments are rated according to the issuer's
ability to meet the obligations.
iii. Liquidity Risk pertains to how saleable a security is in the market. If a particular security does not have a
market at the time of sale, then the scheme may have to bear an impact depending on its exposure to that
particular security.
iv. Interest Rate risk is associated with movements in interest rate, which depend on various factors such as
government borrowing, inflation, economic performance etc. The values of investments will
appreciate/depreciate if the interest rates fall/rise.
v. Reinvestment risk: This risk arises from uncertainty in the rate at which cash flows from an investment may
be reinvested. This is because the bond will pay coupons, which will have to be reinvested. The rate at
which the coupons will be reinvested will depend upon prevailing market rates at the time the coupons are
received.
h. The Mutual Fund is not assuring any IDCW nor is it assuring that it will make any IDCW distributions. All IDCW
distributions are subject to the availability of distributable surplus and would depend on the performance of the
scheme.
i. The initial issue expenses incurred for the launch of the scheme is being amortized over a period not exceeding
five years. Amortization of initial issue expenses would be over and above the annual recurring expenses and
to that extent would have an impact the NAV of the scheme on an ongoing basis over a period not exceeding
five years.
j. Different types of securities in which the scheme would invest as given in the Scheme Information Document
carry different levels of risk. Accordingly the scheme's risk may increase or decrease depending upon the
investment pattern. For e.g. corporate bonds carry a higher amount of risk than Government Securities. Further
even among corporate bonds, bonds, which are AAA rated, are comparatively less risk than bonds, which are
AA rated
k. The risks involved in derivatives are:
• The cost of hedge can be higher than adverse impact of market movements
• The derivatives will entail a counter-party risk to the extent of amount that can become due from the party.
• An exposure to derivatives in excess of the hedging requirements can lead to losses.
• An exposure to derivatives can also limit the profits from a genuine investment transaction.
• Efficiency of a derivatives market depends on the development of a liquid and efficient market for underlying
securities and also on the suitable and acceptable benchmarks.
• Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as
disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the fund
manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the
fund manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No assurance
can be given that the fund manager will be able to identify or execute such strategies.
l. Risk factors associated with repo transactions in corporate debt securities:
Corporate Bond Repo transactions are currently done on OTC basis and settled on non guaranteed basis.

--- PAGE 23 ---
Credit risks could arise if the counterparty does not return the security as contracted on due date. The
liquidation of underlying bonds in case of counterparty default would depend on the liquidity of the bond and
market conditions at that time. This risk is largely mitigated, as the choice of counterparties is largely restricted
and also haircuts are applicable on the underlying bonds depending on credit ratings. Also operational risks
are lower as such trades are settled on a DVP basis.
In the event of the scheme being unable to pay back the money to the counterparty as contracted in case of
transactions as a borrower, the counter party may dispose of the assets (as they have sufficient margin) and
the net proceeds may be refunded to the Mutual Fund. Thus, the scheme may in remote cases suffer losses.
This risk is normally mitigated by better cash flow planning to take care of such repayments.
m. RISKS FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTING IN FOREIGN SECURITIES
• Subject to necessary approvals and within the investment objectives of the Scheme, the Scheme may invest
in Foreign Securities including foreign equities, ADRs, GDRs, mutual funds and exchange traded funds,
unlisted securities, government securities, corporate debt securities, money market instruments, repos not
involving borrowing and short term deposits with overseas banks. Such investments carry risks related to
fluctuations in the foreign exchange rates, the nature of the securities market of the country, repatriation of
capital due to exchange controls and political circumstances.
• It is the AMC’s belief that investment in Foreign Securities offers new investment and portfolio diversification
opportunities into multi-market and multi-currency products. However, such investments also entail additional
risks. Such investment opportunities may be pursued by the AMC provided they are considered appropriate
in terms of the overall investment objectives of the Scheme. Since the Scheme(s) would invest only partially
in Foreign Securities, there may not be readily available and widely accepted benchmarks to measure
performance of the Scheme.
• Overseas investments will be made subject to any/all approvals, conditions thereof as may be stipulated
under the SEBI Regulations or by RBI and provided such investments do not result in expenses to the
Scheme(s) in excess of the ceiling on expenses prescribed by and consistent with costs and expenses
attendant to international investing. The Mutual Fund may, where necessary, appoint other intermediaries of
repute as advisors, custodian/sub-custodians, etc. for managing and administering such investments. The
appointment of such intermediaries shall be in accordance with the applicable requirements of SEBI and
within the permissible ceilings of expenses.
• To the extent that the assets of the Scheme(s) will be invested in Foreign Securities denominated in foreign
currencies, the Indian Rupee equivalent of the net assets, distributions and income may be adversely affected
by changes in the value of certain foreign currencies relative to the Indian Rupee. The repatriation of capital
to India may also be hampered by changes in regulations concerning exchange controls or political
circumstances as well as the application to it of other restrictions on investment.
n. RISK FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTMENTS IN REITs AND InvITs:
Risk of lower than expected distributions: The distributions by the REIT or InvIT will be based on the net
cash flows available for distribution. The amount of cash available for distribution principally depends upon the
amount of cash that the REIT/InvIT receives as dividends or the interest and principal payments from portfolio
assets. The cash flows generated by portfolio assets from operations may fluctuate primarily based on the
below, among other things:
• success and economic viability of tenants and off-takers
• economic cycles and risks inherent in the business which may negatively impact valuations, returns and
profitability of portfolio assets
• force majeure events related such as earthquakes, floods etc. rendering the portfolio assets inoperable

--- PAGE 25 ---
(vi) In case of securitised debt, changes in market interest rates and pre-payments may not change the
absolute amount of receivables for the investors but may have an impact on the re-investment of the
periodic cash flows that an investor receives on securitised papers.
(vii) Securitised debt papers carry credit risk of the obligors and are dependent on the servicing of the Pass
Through Certificates, contributions, etc. However, these are offset suitably by appropriate pool selection
as well as credit enhancements specified by Credit Rating Agencies. However, the credit enhancement
stipulated in a securitization transaction represents a limited loss cover only. Delinquencies and credit
losses may cause depletion of the amount available under the cash collateral account and thereby the
scheduled payouts of the investors may get affected if the amount available in the cash collateral account
is not enough to cover the shortfall. In cases where the underlying facilities are linked to benchmark rates,
the securitized debt papers may be adversely impacted by adverse movements in benchmark rates.
However, this risk is mitigated to an extent by appropriate credit enhancement specified by Credit Rating
Agencies.
p. Risk of Co-mingling
The servicers normally deposit all payments received from the obligors into the collection account. However,
there could be a time gap between collection by a servicer and depositing the same into the collection account
especially considering that some of the collections may be in the form of cash. In this interim period, collections
from the loan agreements may not be segregated from other funds of the servicer. If the servicer fails to remit
such funds due to investors, the investors may be exposed to a potential loss. Due care is normally taken to
ensure that the servicer enjoys highest credit rating on stand alone basis to minimize co-mingling risk.
C. Risk mitigation strategies
Investments in Equity and equity related instruments including derivatives, debt and money market instruments
carry various risks such as inability to sell securities, trading volumes and settlement periods, market risk,
interest rate risk, liquidity risk, default risk, reinvestment risk etc. Whilst such risks cannot be eliminated, they
may be mitigated by diversification and hedging.
In order to mitigate the various risks, the portfolio of the Scheme will be constructed in accordance with the
investment restriction specified under the Regulations which would help in mitigating certain risks relating to
investments in securities market.
Further, the AMC has necessary framework in place for risk mitigation at an enterprise level. The Risk
Management division is an independent division within the organization. Internal limits are defined and
judiciously monitored. Risk indicators on various parameters are computed and are monitored on a regular
basis. There is a Board level Committee, the Risk Management Committee of the Board, which enables a
dedicated focus on risk factors and the relevant risk mitigates.
For risk control, the following may be noted:
Liquidity risks:
The liquidity of the Scheme’s investments may be inherently restricted by trading volumes, transfer procedures
and settlement periods. Liquidity Risk can be partly mitigated by diversification, staggering of maturities as well
as internal risk controls that lean towards purchase of liquid securities.
Interest Rate Risk:
Changes in interest rates affect the prices of bonds. If interest rates rise the prices of bonds fall and vice versa.
A well-diversified portfolio may help to mitigate this risk.
Credit Risks
Credit risk shall be mitigated by investing in rated papers of the companies having the sound back ground,

--- PAGE 29 ---
c. Transfer of investments from one scheme to another scheme, including this scheme, under the Mutual Fund
shall be allowed only if :
I. Such transfers are done at the prevailing market price for quoted securities on spot basis; explanation - “spot
basis” shall have the same meaning as specified by the stock exchange for spot transactions, and
II. The securities so transferred shall be in conformity with the investment objective of the scheme to which such
transfer has been made.
III. For meeting liquidity requirement in a scheme in case of unanticipated redemption pressure
IV. For Duration/Issuer/Sector/Group rebalancing.
d. The Mutual Fund shall buy and sell securities on the basis of deliveries and shall in all cases of purchases, take
delivery of relative securities and in all cases of sale, deliver the securities and shall in no case put itself in a
position whereby it has to make short sale or carry forward transaction or engage in badla finance.
Provided further that a mutual fund may enter into derivatives transactions in a recognized stock exchange,
subject to the framework specified by the Board.
Provided further that sale of government security already contracted for purchase shall be permitted in
accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India in this regard.
e. The scheme shall provide that the securities be purchased or transferred in the name of the Mutual Fund for the
relevant scheme, wherever the investments are intended to be of a long-term nature.
f. Pending deployment of funds of the Scheme, the AMC may invest funds of the Scheme in short-term deposits
of scheduled commercial banks, subject to the following conditions as per the paragraph 12.16 of the SEBI
Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, as may be amended from time to time:
:
i. “Short Term” for parking of funds shall be treated as a period not exceeding 91 days.
ii. Such short-term deposits shall be held in the name of the Scheme.
iii. The Scheme shall not park more than 15% of their net assets in the short term deposit(s) of all the scheduled
commercial banks put together. However, it may be raised to 20% with the prior approval of the Trustee.
Also, parking of funds in short term deposits of associate and sponsor scheduled commercial banks together
shall not exceed 20% of total deployment by the Mutual Fund in short term deposits.
iv. The Scheme shall not park more than 10% of their net assets in short term deposit(s) with any one scheduled
commercial bank including its subsidiaries.
v. The Trustee / AMC shall ensure that the funds of the Scheme are not parked in the short term deposits of
a bank which has invested in the Scheme.
vi. AMC will not charge any investment management and advisory fees for parking of funds in short term
deposits of scheduled commercial banks.
vii. The Trustee / AMC shall also ensure that the bank in which a scheme has short term deposits do not invest
in the scheme until the scheme has short term deposits with such bank.
The above provisions do not apply to term deposits placed as margins for trading in cash and derivative market
g. The scheme may invest in another scheme under the same asset management company or any other mutual
fund without charging any fees, provided that aggregate interscheme investment made by all schemes under
the same management or in schemes under the management of any other asset management company shall
not exceed 5% of the net asset value of the mutual fund.
h. The scheme shall not make any investment in;

--- PAGE 30 ---
1) any unlisted security of an associate or group company of the sponsor; or
2) any security issued by way of private placement by an associate or group company of the sponsor; or
3) The listed securities of group companies of the sponsor which is in excess of 25% of the net assets.
i. No mutual fund scheme shall invest more than 10 per cent of its NAV in the equity shares or equity related
instruments of any company.
j. All investments by a mutual fund scheme in equity shares and equity related instruments shall only be made
provided such securities are listed or to be listed
k. The scheme shall not make any investment in any Fund of Funds scheme.
l. The scheme shall not advance any loan for any purpose.
m. The Scheme may engage in securities lending and borrowing in accordance with framework specified by SEBI
n. SBI Mutual Fund will invest in the units of REITs and InvITs subject to the following:
(a) SBI Mutual Fund under all its schemes shall not own more than 10% of units issued by a single issuer of
REIT and InvITs; and
(b) SBI Large cap Fund shall not invest –
i. more than 10% of its NAV in the units of REIT and InvITs; and
a. more than 5% of its NAV in the units of REIT and InvITs issued by a single issuer.
Apart from the investment restrictions prescribed under SEBI (MF) Regulations, the fund follows internal norms vis-
à-vis exposure to a particular scrip or sector. These norms are reviewed on a periodic basis and monitored regularly.
C. Fundamental Attributes
Following are the Fundamental Attributes of the scheme, in terms of Clause 1.14 of SEBI Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024 Regulation 18 (15A) of the SEBI (MF) Regulations:
(i) Type of a scheme – An open-ended equity scheme predominantly investing in large cap stocks
(ii) Investment Objective: To provide investors with opportunities for long-term growth in capital through an active
management of investments in a diversified basket of large cap equity stocks (as specified by SEBI/AMFI from time
to time).
o Main Objective – Growth
o Investment pattern - The indicative portfolio break-up with minimum and maximum asset allocation, while
retaining the option to alter the asset allocation for a short term period on defensive considerations. The
asset allocation pattern is detailed in Part II – point A above.
(iii) Terms of Issue
o Liquidity provisions such as listing, repurchase, redemption.
The scheme would provide repurchase facility to investors on an ongoing basis on all business day
o Aggregate fees and expenses charged to the scheme.

--- PAGE 31 ---
Would be restricted to the ceilings of recurring expenses stated in Regulation 52(6) of the SEBI
(Mutual Funds) Regulation. The fee and expenses proposed to be charged by the scheme is
detailed in point C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES
o Any safety net or guarantee provided.
This Scheme does not provide any guaranteed or assured return to its Investors.
In accordance with Regulation 18(15A) of the SEBI (MF) Regulations and Clause 1.14.1.4 of
SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024the Trustees shall ensure that no
change in the fundamental attributes of the Scheme(s) and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder
or the trust or fee and expenses payable or any other change which would modify the
Scheme(s) and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder and affect the interests of Unitholders is
carried out unless:
• SEBI has reviewed and provided its comments on the proposal
• A written communication about the proposed change is sent to each Unitholder and an
advertisement is given in one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well
as in a newspaper published in the language of the region where the Head Office of the
Mutual Fund is situated; and
• The Unitholders are given an option for a period of atleast 30 calendar days to exit at the
prevailing Net Asset Value without any exit load.
D. Index methodology (for index funds, ETFs and FOFs having one underlying domestic
ETF)- Not Applicable
E. Principles of incentive structure for market makers (for ETFs) – Not Applicable
F. Floors and ceiling within a range of 5% of the intended allocation against each sub class
of asset, as per clause 13.6.2 of SEBI master circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024
(only for close ended debt schemes) – Not Applicable
G. Other Scheme Specific Disclosures:
Listing and transfer of units The Scheme being open-ended, the Units are not proposed
to be listed on any stock exchange. However, the AMC may,
at its sole discretion, list the Units on one or more stock
exchanges at a later date.
The Units under the Scheme are transferable, however,
additions/deletion of names will not be allowed under any
folio of the Scheme.
The above provisions in respect of deletion of names will not
be applicable in case of death of Unit Holder (in respect of
joint holdings) as this will be treated as transmission of Units
and not transfer.
The Units held in dematerialized form can be transferred and
transmitted in accordance with the provisions of SEBI
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2008, as may

--- PAGE 32 ---
be amended from time to time. The delivery instructions for
transfer of Units will have to be lodged with the Depository
Participant in the prescribed form and transfer will be
effected in accordance with such rules/regulations as may
be in force governing transfer of securities in dematerialized
form. The Units held in demat mode can be pledged and
hypothecated as per the provisions of Depositories Act and
Rules and Regulations framed by Depositories.
Units in SOA may be transferred subject to prevailing
AMFI/SEBI guidelines from time to time.
Dematerialization of units Pursuant to paragraph 14.4.2 of the SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024; the unit holders of
the scheme shall be provided an option to hold units in
demat form in addition to physical form.
Unit Holders opting to hold the Units in Demat form must
provide their Demat Account details in the specified section
of the Application Form. The Unit Holder intending to hold
the units in Demat form is required to have a beneficiary
account with the Depository Participant (DP) registered with
NSDL/CDSL and will be required to indicate in the
Application Form, the DP’s name, DP ID Number and the
beneficiary account number of the applicant with the DP. In
case of Unit Holders who do not provide their Demat
Account details, an Account Statement shall be sent to
them.
The Unit holders would have an option to hold the Units in
dematerialized form. Accordingly, the Units of the Scheme
will be available in dematerialized (electronic) form. The
Applicant intending to hold Units in dematerialized form will
be required to have a beneficiary account with a Depository
Participant (DP) of the NSDL/CDSL and will be required to
mention in the application form DP's Name, DP ID No. and
Beneficiary Account No. with the DP at the time of
purchasing Units during the NFO.
Further, investors also have an option to convert their
physical holdings into the dematerialised mode at a later
date. Each Option held in the dematerialised form shall be
identified on the basis of an International Securities
Identification Number (ISIN) allotted by National Securities
Depositories Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository
Services Limited (CDSL). The ISIN No. details of the
respective option can be obtained from your Depository
Participant (DP) or you can access the website link
www.nsdl.co.in or www.cdslindia.com . The holding of units
in the dematerialised mode would be subject to the
guidelines/ procedural requirements as laid by the
Depositories viz. NSDL/CDSL from time to time.

--- PAGE 33 ---
Option to hold unit in demat form Pursuant to paragraph 14.4.2 of SEBI Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024; the unit holders of the
scheme shall be provided an option to hold units in demat
form in addition to physical form.
The Unit holders would have an option to hold the Units in
dematerialized form. Accordingly, the Units of the Scheme will
be available in dematerialized (electronic) form. The Applicant
intending to hold Units in dematerialized form will be required
to have a beneficiary account with a Depository Participant
(DP) of the NSDL/CDSL and will be required to mention in the
application form DP's Name, DP ID No. and Beneficiary
Account No. with the DP at the time of purchasing Units during
the NFO.
Further, investors also have an option to convert their physical
holdings into the dematerialised mode at a later date. Each
Option held in the dematerialised form shall be identified on
the basis of an International Securities Identification Number
(ISIN) allotted by National Securities Depositories Limited
(NSDL) and Central Depository Services Limited (CDSL). The
ISIN No. details of the respective option can be obtained from
your Depository Participant (DP) or you can access the
website link www.nsdl.co.in or www.cdslindia.com. The
holding of units in the dematerialised mode would be subject
to the guidelines/ procedural requirements as laid by the
Depositories viz. NSDL/CDSL from time to time.
Minimum Target amount Not Applicable
(This is the minimum amount
required to operate the scheme and
if this is not collected during the NFO
period, then all the investors would
be refunded the amount
invested
without any return.)
Maximum Amount to be raised (if No upper limit.
any)
Dividend Polic y ( ID CW ) The Trustee reserves the right to declare IDCW under the IDCW
option of the Scheme depending on the net distributable surplus
available under the Scheme.
The procedure and manner of payment of IDCW shall be in line
with Chapter 11 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated
June 27, 2024, as amended from time to time.
Investors are requested to note that amounts can be distributed
out of investors capital (Equalization Reserve), which is part of
sale price of the unit that represents realized gains.

--- PAGE 34 ---
Allotment (Detailed procedure) The scheme is offered on an ongoing basis. Allotment will be
made to all eligible applicants provided the applications are
complete in all respects and are in order and funds are
realised. The allotment confirmation will be sent to the
investors / unit holders registered email address and / or
mobile number. The allotment details shall get reflected in the
Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) sent by email / mail
on or before 15th of the succeeding month. Application for
issue of Units will not be binding on the fund and may be
rejected on account of failure to fulfill the requirements as
specified in the application form.
Dispatch of Unit statements of account will be made as soon
as possible and in accordance with the SEBI Mutual Fund
Regulations.
Refund This is not a new fund offer. The scheme is offered on an
ongoing basis.
Who can invest Prospective investors are advised to satisfy themselves that
This is an indicative list and investors they are not prohibited by any law governing such entity and
shall consult their financial advisor to any Indian law from investing in the Scheme and are
ascertain whether the scheme authorized to purchase units of mutual funds as per their
is respective constitutions, charter documents, corporate / other
suitable to their risk profile. authorisations and relevant statutory provisions. The following
is an indicative list of persons who are generally eligible and
may apply for subscription to the Units of the Scheme:
• Indian resident adult individuals, either singly or jointly (not
exceeding three);
• Minor through parent / lawful guardian; (please see the
note below)
• Companies, bodies corporate, public sector undertakings,
association of persons or bodies of individuals and
societies registered under the Societies Registration Act,
1860;
• Religious and Charitable Trusts, Wakfs or endowments of
private trusts (subject to receipt of necessary approvals as
required) and Private Trusts authorised to invest in mutual
fund schemes under their trust deeds;
• Partnership Firms constituted under the Partnership Act,
1932;
• A Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) through its Karta;
• Banks (including Co-operative Banks and Regional Rural
Banks) and Financial Institutions;
• Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) / Persons of Indian Origin
(PIO) on full repatriation basis or on non-repatriation basis.
Prospective investors are advised to note that the SID / SAI
/ KIM does not constitute distribution, an offer to buy or sell
or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Units of the Fund in
any jurisdiction in which such distribution, sale or offer is not
authorized per applicable law. Any investor by making
investment in SBI Mutual Fund confirms that he is an
eligible investor to make such investment(s) and confirms

--- PAGE 35 ---
that such investment(s) has been made in accordance with
applicable law;
• Foreign Portfolio Investor
• Army, Air Force, Navy and other para-military funds and
eligible institutions;
• Scientific and Industrial Research Organisations;
• Provident / Pension / Gratuity and such other Funds as
and when permitted to invest;
• International Multilateral Agencies approved by the
Government of India / RBI; and
• The Trustee, AMC or Sponsor or their associates (if
eligible and permitted under prevailing laws).
• A Mutual Fund through its schemes, including Fund of
Funds schemes.
Note: Following is the process for investments made in the
name of a Minor through a Guardian:
- Payment for investment by means of Cheque, Demand
Draft or any other mode shall be accepted from the bank
account of the minor or parent or legal guardian of the
minor, or from a joint account of the minor with parent or
legal guardian.
- Mutual Fund will send an intimation to Unit holders
advising the minor (on attaining majority) to submit an
application form along with prescribed documents to
change the status of the account from ‘minor’ to ‘major’.
- All transactions / standing instructions / systematic
transactions etc. will be suspended i.e. the Folio will be
frozen for operation by the guardian from the date of
beneficiary child completing 18 years of age, till the status
of the minor is changed to major. Upon the minor attaining
the status of major, the minor in whose name the
investment was made, shall be required to provide all the
KYC details, updated bank account details including
cancelled original cheque leaf of the new bank account.
- No investments (lumpsum/SIP/ switch in/ STP in etc.) in
the scheme would be allowed once the minor attains
majority i.e. 18 years of age.
Notes :
1. Non Resident Indians and Persons of Indian Origin
residing abroad (NRIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)
have been granted a general permission by Reserve Bank
of India [Schedule 5 of the Foreign Exchange
Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person
Resident Outside India) Regulations, 2000 for investing in
/ redeeming units of the mutual funds subject to conditions
set out in the aforesaid regulations.
2. In case of application under a Power of Attorney or by a
limited company or a corporate body or an eligible
institution or a registered society or a trust fund, the
original Power of Attorney or a certified true copy duly
notarised or the relevant resolution or authority to make

--- PAGE 37 ---
Subject to the Regulations, any application for Units may be
accepted or rejected in the sole and absolute discretion of
the Trustee. For example, the Trustee may reject any
application for the Purchase of Units if the application is
invalid or incomplete or if, in its opinion, increasing the size
of any or all of the Scheme's Unit capital is not in the general
interest of the Unit holders, or if the Trustee for any other
reason does not believe that it would be in the best interest
of the Scheme or its Unit holders to accept such an
application.
The AMC / Trustee may need to obtain from the investor
verification of identity or such other details relating to a
subscription for Units as may be required under any
applicable law, which may result in delay in processing the
application. Applications not complete in any respect are
liable to be rejected.
How to Apply and other details Please refer to the SAI and Application form for the
instructions. However, investors are advised to fill up the
details of their bank account numbers on the application form
in the space provided which is mandatory. In order to protect
the interest of the Unit holders from fraudulent encashment of
cheques, SEBI has made it mandatory for investors in mutual
funds to state their bank account numbers in their application
form / requests for redemption. It may be noted that, in case
of those unit holders, who hold units in demat form, the bank
mandate available with respective Depository Participant will
be treated as the valid bank mandate for the purpose of
payout at the time of maturity or at the time of any corporate
action.
SEBI has also made it mandatory for investors to mention
their Permanent Account Number (PAN) transacting in the
units of SBI Mutual Fund, irrespective of the amount of
transaction.
Please also note that the KYC is compulsory for making
investment in mutual funds schemes irrespective of the
amount, for details please refer to SAI.
Please note that Applications complete in all respects
together with necessary remittance may be submitted before
the closing of the offer at any OPAT of SBIMF as may be
designated by AMC. The application amount in cheque shall
be payable to “SBIMF –SBI Large cap Fund” The Cheques
should be payable at the Centre where the application is
lodged. No outstation cheques or stock invests will be
accepted.
Investors are requested to note that application form is
available with Investor Service Centres(ISCs)/Official Points
of Acceptance (OPAs) of SBI Mutual Fund or can be
downloaded from our website https://www.sbimf.com/forms.
The list of the Investor Service Centres (ISCs)/Official Points
of Acceptance (OPAs) is also available on
https://www.sbimf.com/contact-us.

--- PAGE 38 ---
No outstation cheques or stock invests will be accepted.
Acceptance of financial transactions As per AMFI Best Practice Guidelines No. 118/2024-25 dated
through email in respect of non- January 31, 2025 regarding the acceptance of financial
individual investors transactions via email from non-individual investors with
effect from May 01, 2025, the following process shall be
adhered to:
1. Submission of Transactions via Email: Non-individual
investors seeking to utilize this facility must submit a
Board Resolution or Authority Letter, listing authorized
officials along with their designations and official email
IDs. The letter must explicitly confirm that financial
instructions sent via email are binding on the entity.
2. Emailing the Transaction Form with Wet Signatures:
Scanned copies of transaction request letters, duly
signed in wet ink by authorized signatories, may be
submitted via email. Such requests shall be accepted
only if the sender’s email ID belongs to the entity’s
official domain and is copied (CC) to the authorized
officials' registered email IDs.
3. Financial Transactions Submitted by Registered
MFDs or Third Parties: Signed Financial transaction
form or request letter, bearing wet signatures of
authorized signatories, may be submitted via email by
a registered Mutual Fund Distributor (MFD) of the
entity or a third party. The third party must possess an
authorization letter from the non-individual unit holder,
permitting the MFD or representative to submit
scanned copies of signed transaction forms or
requests on their behalf. Additionally, such email
submission must be copied to the non-individual
investor’s registered email ID.
Terms and Conditions for Transacting via Electronic
Mail:
In accordance with AMFI Best Practice Guidelines No.
118/2024-25, the following terms and conditions shall apply
to non-individual investors availing the facility to transact
via email:
1. Investors must be aware of the risks involved in
transacting through email, including those arising from
electronic transmission failures, unauthorized access, or
miscommunication.
2. The Asset Management Company (AMC) and Registrar &
Transfer Agent (RTA) shall not be liable for any financial
transaction that is either not received due to technical or
transmission issues or is incomplete, and hence not
processed.
3. Entities utilizing this facility must ensure adequate security
measures to protect email communications, including

--- PAGE 39 ---
encryption, access controls, and authentication
mechanisms.
4. The entity availing this facility must maintain records of
email-based financial transactions as per applicable laws
and regulations.
5. Any addition or deletion of authorized signatories must
follow the prescribed procedure and be notified to the AMC
through official documentation.
6. The non-individual investor must explicitly authorize the
AMC/RTA to accept and process any email transmission
from the registered email ID, including emails sent by a
registered Mutual Fund Distributor (MFD) or a third party
authorized by the investor to submit scanned transaction
requests on their behalf.
Changes in bank details or addition of a bank account,
change in registered email ID or contact details of an entity
shall only be permitted through the prescribed service request
form, duly signed by authorized signatories with wet
signatures.
The policy regarding reissue of Presently, the AMC does not intend to reissue the
repurchased units, including the repurchased/redeemed Units. The Trustee reserves the right
maximum extent, the manner of to reissue the repurchased Units at a later date after issuing
reissue, the entity (the scheme or adequate public notices and taking approvals, if any, from
the SEBI.
AMC) involved in the same.
Restrictions, if any, on the right to The Units under the Scheme are transferable. However,
freely retain or dispose of units being additions/deletion of names will not be allowed under any folio
offered. of the Scheme.
The above provisions in respect of deletion of names will not
be applicable in case of death of Unit Holder (in respect of
joint holdings) as this will be treated as transmission of Units
and not transfer.
The Units held in dematerialized form can be transferred and
transmitted in accordance with the provisions of SEBI
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 1996, as may be
amended from time to time. The delivery instructions for
transfer of Units will have to be lodged with the Depository
Participant in the prescribed form and transfer will be effected
in accordance with such rules/regulations as may be in force
governing transfer of securities in dematerialized form. The
Units held in demat mode can be pledged and hypothecated
as per the provisions of Depositories Act and Rules and
Regulations framed by Depositories.
Cut off timing for subscriptions/ 3.00 pm
redemptions/ switches
This is the time before which your
application (complete in all respects)
should reach the official points
of
acceptance.
Minimum amount for Minimum amount for purchase Rs. 5000/- & in multiples of
purchase/redemption/switches. Re.1/- thereof

--- PAGE 40 ---
Minimum amount for additional purchase - Rs. 1000/- & in
multiples of Re.1/-
Minimum amount for redemption: Rs.500/- or 1 Unit or account
balance, whichever is lower.
Switch In - Investments in the scheme from any other existing
scheme(s) of SBI Mutual Fund at applicable NAV.
Switch Out - Repurchase/Redemption from the scheme to any
other existing scheme(s) of SBI Mutual Fund at applicable
NAV.
Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI
Funds Management Limited in line with paragraph 6.10 of the
SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024,
requirement for minimum application/ redemption amount will
not be applicable.
Accounts Statements The AMC shall send an allotment confirmation specifying
the units allotted by way of email and/or SMS within 5
working days of receipt of valid application/transaction to
the Unit holders registered e-mail address and/ or mobile
number.
Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI Regulation, the
following shall be applicable with respect to account
statement:
The asset management company shall ensure that
consolidated account statement for each calendar month is
issued, on or before fifteenth day of succeeding month,
detailing all the transactions and holding at the end of the
month including transaction charges paid to the distributor,
across all schemes of all mutual funds, to all the investors
in whose folios transaction has taken place during that
month:
Provided that the asset management company shall ensure
that a consolidated account statement every half yearly
(September/ March) is issued, on or before twenty first day
of succeeding month, detailing holding at the end of the six
month and commission paid to the distributor, across all
schemes of all mutual funds, to all such investors in whose
folios no transaction has taken place during that period.
• Provided further that the asset management company shall
identify common investor across fund houses by their
permanent account number for the purposes of sending
consolidated account statement.
• Account Statements for investors holding demat
accounts: Subsequent account statement may be

--- PAGE 41 ---
obtained from the depository participants with whom the
investor holds the DP account.
• The asset management company shall issue units in
dematerialized form to a unitholder of the Scheme within
two working days of the receipt of request from the
unitholder.
In terms of SEBI Circular No. IR/MRD/DP/31/2014 dated
November 12, 2014 on Consolidated Account Statement,
investors having Demat account has an option to receive
consolidated account statement:
• Investors having MF investments and holding securities in
Demat account shall receive a single Consolidated Account
Statement (CAS) from the Depository.
• Consolidation of account statement shall be done on the
basis of Permanent Account Number (PAN). In case of
multiple holding, it shall be PAN of the first holder and pattern
of holding. The CAS shall be generated on a monthly basis.
• • If there is any transaction in any of the Demat accounts of
the investor or in any of his mutual fund folios, depositories
shall send the CAS within twelve (12) days from the month end
and to investors that have opted for delivery via physical mode,
within fifteen (15) days from the month end w.e.f May 14, 2025
pursuant to SEBI Circular No.
SEBI/HO/MRD/PoD1/CIR/P/2025/16 dated February 14,
2025. In case, there is no transaction in any of the mutual fund
folios and demat accounts then CAS with holding details shall
be sent to the investor on half yearly basis. The depositories
shall dispatch the CAS to investors that have opted for e-CAS
on or before the eighteenth (18th) day of April and October and
to investors that have opted for delivery via physical mode by
the twenty first (21st) day of April and October
.
• In case an investor has multiple accounts across two
depositories, the depository with whom the account has been
opened earlier will be the default depository.
If the Unit holder desires to hold the Units in a Dematerialized/
Rematerialized form at a later date, the request for conversion
of units held in Account Statement (non demat) form into
Demat (electronic) form or vice versa should be submitted
alongwith a Demat/Remat Request Form to their Depository
Participants. However, the Trustee / AMC reserves the right to
change the dematerialization / rematerialization process in
accordance with the procedural requirements laid down by the
Depositories, viz. NSDL/ CDSL and/or in accordance with the
provisions laid under the Depositories Act, 1996 and the
Regulations thereunder.
Investors will be issued a Unit Statement of Account in
accordance with the Regulations. All Units will rank pari passu,
among Units within the same Option in the Scheme concerned

--- PAGE 42 ---
as to assets, earnings and the receipt of IDCW distributions, if
any, as may be declared by the Trustee.
Dividend/ IDCW The payment of IDCW to the unitholders shall be made within
seven working days from the record date.
In the event of failure to dispatch IDCW within the stipulated
period, the AMC shall be liable to pay interest @ 15% per
annum to the Unitholders from the record date.
The IDCW proceeds will be paid by way of NEFT / RTGS /
Direct credits / any other electronic manner by directly
crediting the bank account linked to the demat account
depending on the mode of receipt of IDCW proceeds chosen
by the Unit holder.
Investors residing in such places where Electronic Clearing
Facility is available will have the option of receiving their
IDCW directly into their specified bank account through ECS.
In such a case, only an advice of such a credit will be mailed
to the investors.
Redemption Under normal circumstances, the transfer of redemption or
repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched to the unitholders
within 3 working days from the date of redemption or
repurchase.
Further, in exceptional situations additional timelines in line
with AMFI letter no. AMFI/35P/MEM -COR/74/2022-23
dated January 16, 2023 will be applicable for transfer of
redemption or repurchase proceeds to the unitholders.
Bank Mandate As per the directives issued by SEBI it is mandatory for an
investor to declare his/her bank account number. To
safeguard the interest of Unitholders from loss or theft of
their refund orders/redemption cheques, investors are
requested to provide their bank details in the Application
Form. The Bank Account details as mentioned with the
Depository should be mentioned.
If depository account details furnished in the application
form are invalid or not confirmed in the depository system,
the application may be rejected.
Delay in payment of redemption /
The Asset Management Company shall be liable to pay
repurchase proceeds/dividend
interest to the unitholders at rate as specified vide clause 14.2
of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024 by SEBI for the period of such delay (presently @ 15%
per annum)

--- PAGE 43 ---
Unclaimed Redemption and Income
In line with SEBI master circular No. SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-
Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal 1/P/CIR/2023/74 dated June 27, 2024, unclaimed redemption
Amount and IDCW amounts are being deployed by the mutual funds
in call money market or money market instruments only and
the investors who claim these amounts during a period of
three years from the due date shall be paid at the prevailing
Net Asset Value. After a period of three years, this amount is
being transferred to a pool account and the investors can
claim the amount at NAV prevailing at the end of the third year.
The income earned on such funds may be used for the
purpose of investor education. The AMC would make
continuous effort to remind the investors through letters to
take their unclaimed amounts. The investment management
fee charged by the AMC for managing unclaimed amounts
shall not exceed 50 basis points.
Further in accordance with SEBI Circular no.
SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/74 dated May 31,
2023, list of Investors in whose folios there are unclaimed
IDCW / redemption amount is disclosed on the website of SBI
MF (www.sbimf.com).
Disclosure w.r.t investment by minors Following is the process for investments made in the name of
a Minor through a Guardian:
- Payment for investment by means of Cheque, or any other
mode shall be accepted from the bank account of the
minor or parent or legal guardian of the minor, or from a
joint account of the minor with parent or legal guardian.
- Mutual Fund will send an intimation to Unit holders
advising the minor (on attaining majority) to submit an
application form along with prescribed documents to
change the status of the account from ‘minor’ to ‘major’.
- All transactions / standing instructions / systematic
transactions etc. will be suspended i.e. the Folio will be
frozen for operation by the guardian from the date of
beneficiary child completing 18 years of age, till the status
of the minor is changed to major. Upon the minor attaining
the status of major, the minor in whose name the
investment was made, shall be required to provide all the
KYC details, updated bank account details including
cancelled original cheque leaf of the new bank account.
- No investments (lumpsum/SIP/ switch in/ STP in etc.) in
the scheme would be allowed once the minor attains
majority i.e. 18 years of age.
Plans / Options offered The Scheme is an open-ended scheme offering investor two
Plans viz, Regular Plan & Direct Plan.
a) Direct Plan
Direct Plan is only for investors who purchase /subscribe Units
in a Scheme directly with the Mutual Fund or through
Registered Investment Advisor (RIA)and is not available for
investors who route their investments through a Distributor. All
the features of the Direct Plan under Scheme like the

--- PAGE 44 ---
investment objective, asset allocation pattern, investment
strategy, risk factors, facilities offered, load structure etc. will
be the same except for a lower expense ratio as detailed in
Section IV – Fees and Expenses – B. – Annual Recurring
Expenses.. Brokerage/Commission paid to distributors will
not be paid / charged under the Direct Plan. Both the plans
shall have a common portfolio.
Eligible investors: All categories of investors as permitted
under the Scheme Information Document of the Scheme are
eligible to subscribe under Direct Plan.
Modes for applying: Investments under Direct Plan can be
made through various modes offered by the Mutual Fund for
investing directly with the Mutual Fund.
How to apply:
• Investors desirous of subscribing under Direct Plan of a
Scheme will have to ensure to indicate “Direct Plan”
against the Scheme name in the application form.
• Investors should also indicate “Direct” in the ARN column
of the application form.
b) Regular Plan
This Plan is for investors who wish to route their investment
through any distributor.
In case of Regular and Direct plan the default plan under
following scenarios will be:
Scen Broker Code Plan Default
ario mentioned by mentioned Plan to be
the investor by the captured
investor
1 Not mentioned Not Direct Plan
mentioned
2 Not mentioned Direct Direct Plan
3 Not mentioned Regular Direct Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Direct Plan
5 Direct Not Direct Plan
Mentioned
6 Direct Regular Direct Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Regular
Plan
8 Mentioned Not Regular
Mentioned Plan
In cases of wrong/ invalid/ incomplete ARN codes mentioned
on the application form, the application shall be processed
under Direct Plan.

--- PAGE 45 ---
Both the Plans have two options for investment - Income
Distribution cum capital withdrawal (IDCW) Option option and
Growth option.
Growth Option
IDCW will not be declared under this Option. The income
attributable to Units under this Option will continue to remain
invested and will be reflected in the Net Asset Value of Units
under this Option.
IDCW Option
Under this Option, it is proposed to declare IDCW subject to
availability of distributable profits, as computed in accordance
with SEBI (MF) Regulations. The Trustee reserves the right to
declare IDCW under the IDCW option of the Scheme(s)
depending on the availability of distributable surplus under the
Scheme(s).
Payout of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal option
(IDCW Payout)
IDCW, if declared, will be paid (subject to deduction of tax at
source, if any) to those Unitholders / Beneficial Owners whose
names appear in the Register of Unit holders maintained by
the Mutual Fund/ statement of beneficial ownership
maintained by the Depositories, as applicable, on the notified
record date.
Reinvestment of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal
option (IDCW Re-investment), Facility
Unit holders opting for IDCW Option may choose to reinvest
the IDCW to be received by them in additional Units of the
Scheme(s). Under this facility, the IDCW due and payable to
the Unit holders will be compulsorily and without any further
act by the Unit holders, reinvested in the IDCW Option at the
prevailing ex- IDCW Net Asset Value per Unit on the record
date. The amount of IDCW re-invested will be net of tax
deducted at source, wherever applicable. The IDCW so
reinvested shall constitute a constructive payment of IDCW to
the Unit holders and a constructive receipt of the same amount
from each Unit holder for reinvestment in Units. On
reinvestment of IDCW, the number of Units to the credit of Unit
holder will increase to the extent of the IDCW reinvested IDCW
by the Applicable NAV as explained above. There shall,
however, be no Entry Load and Exit Load on the IDCW so
reinvested. The AMC reserves the right to introduce a new
option / investment Plan at a later date, subject to the SEBI
(MF) Regulations.
Under the IDCW option, facility for IDCW re-investment/ IDCW
payout & IDCW transfer of IDCW is available. The IDCW
option would endeavour to declare IDCW subject to the
availability of distributable surplus and at the discretion of the

--- PAGE 46 ---
Fund Manager subject to the approval of the Trustees. The
Growth option would not declare IDCW and returns in this
option would be through capital appreciation only. Both options
however may declare bonus Magnums / Units subject to the
availability of distributable surplus. Both the options would be
maintained as a common portfolio.
The Unit holders may reinvest any IDCW due to them, at no
sales charge by indicating at the appropriate place in the
application form. The IDCW re-investment may be cancelled
on receipt of a request from the Unit holders for the same.
As and when the IDCW is declared by a Scheme if the payable
IDCW amount is less than or equal to Rs. 500/-, the same will
be compulsorily reinvested in the respective
Scheme(s)/Plan(s)/Option(s) irrespective of the IDCW facility
selected by investor. If the IDCW amount payable is greater
than Rs. 500/- then it will be either reinvested or paid as per
the mandate selected by the investor.
Between “Growth” or “IDCW” option, the default will be treated
as “Growth”. In “IDCW” option between “IDCW Re-
investment”, “IDCW Payout” or “IDCW Transfer”, the default
will be treated as “IDCW Payout.
Investor can select only one option either pay out or
reinvestment in IDCW plan at a Scheme and folio level. Any
subsequent request for change in IDCW option viz. IDCW
Payout to IDCW Re-investment or vice-versa would be
processed at the Folio / Scheme level and not at individual
transaction level. Accordingly, any change in IDCW option
(IDCW payout / IDCW re-investment) will reflect for all the units
held under the scheme / folio.
Special Products (i) Systematic Investment Plan
For investors, the fund offers a Systematic Investment Plan
(SIP) at all our Official point of acceptance of SBI MF’s
locations. Under this Facility, an investor can invest a fixed
amount per frequency. This facility will help the investor to
average out their cost of investment over a period of six
months or one year and thus overcome the short-term
fluctuations in the market.
The Scheme offers daily, weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-
Annual & Annual Systematic Investment Plan.
a)Terms and conditions for Daily SIP are as follows:
1. Minimum Investment Amount: INR 500 and multiples
of INR 1 thereafter. Minimum number of instalments
would be 12.
2. SIP Top up facility would not be available under this
facility

--- PAGE 47 ---
3. Investors enrolling for Daily SIP should select “As &
when presented” as payment frequency in the OTM.
Terms & conditions for Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual &
Annual Systematic investment plan are as follows:
• Monthly – Minimum Rs. 1000 & in multiples of Re. 1
thereafter for minimum 6 months or Minimum Rs. 500 & in
multiples of Re. 1 thereafter for minimum 12 months
• Quarterly - Minimum Rs. 1500 & in multiples of Re. 1
thereafter for minimum 1 year
• Semi-annual and Annual Systematic Investment Plan -
Minimum amount of investment will be Rs. 3,000 and in
multiples of Re.1 thereafter for Semi-Annual SIP & Rs.
5,000 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter in case of Annual
SIP. Minimum number of installments will be 4.
b)Weekly Systematic Investment Plan
The terms & conditions for the weekly SIP are as follows:
1) Minimum amount for weekly SIP :
- Rs. 1000 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter with
minimum number of 6 installments.
- Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter with
minimum number of 12 installments
2) Date based feature - Weekly SIP will be done on 1st, 8th,
15th & 22nd of the month
3) In case the date of SIP falls on a Non-Business Day, then
the immediate following Business Day will be considered
for the purpose of transfer.
4) In Day based feature, investors may select any Day of the
Week viz. Monday/ Tuesday/ Wednesday/ Thursday/
Friday on which Weekly SIP/STP/SWP instalment shall be
processed and in case any of these days is a non-
business day then the immediate next business day will be
considered for processing.
5) In case investor selects Weekly frequency and also selects
both Day based and Date -based Weekly SIP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SIP.
6) In case investor selects Weekly frequency and does not
select Day based or Date -based Weekly SIP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SIP.
7) If investor selects Day based Weekly SIP but does not
mention ‘Day’ on which the Weekly SIP instalment to be
processed, then ‘Wednesday’ will be considered as the
default Day.

--- PAGE 48 ---
8) In case start date is mentioned but end date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered for perpetual
period.
Default option between daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly,
semi-annual and annual SIP will be Monthly.
JanNivesh SIP – “JanNivesh SIP” (earlier known as “Chota
SIP Facility”) facility under the current Systematic Investment
Plan facility is available under the Growth Options of SBI
Equity Hybrid Fund, SBI Large & Midcap Fund, SBI Contra
Fund & SBI Large cap Fund & SBI Balanced Advantage
Fund. The Minimum Investment Amount will be Rs. 250 and
in multiples of Re. 1/- thereof. The Minimum Redemption
Amount will be Rs. 500. Minimum tenure of SIP will be 5 years.
JanNivesh SIP facility would be offered to investors having
Auto debit facility/ Direct debit facility with certain banks where
SBI Funds Management Limited has specific arrangements.
All other terms and conditions as applicable to Systematic
Investment Plan facility of the Scheme also apply to JanNivesh
SIP.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or discontinue
this facility at any time in future on prospective basis.
c) Any Day SIP’ Facility
Under ‘Any Day SIP facility’, investor can register SIP for any
day for the frequencies i.e. Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual
and Annual through electronic mode like OTM / Debit
Mandate. Accordingly, under ‘Any Day SIP facility’, investors
can select any date from 1st to 30th of a month as SIP date
(for February, the last business day would be considered if SIP
date selected is 29th & 30th of a month). Default SIP date will
be 10th. In case the SIP due date is a Non Business Day, then
the immediate following Business Day will be considered for
SIP processing.
The AMC provides SIP debit facility through NACH in
participating banks and select direct debit banks
Completed application form, SIP debit mandate form and the
first cheque should be submitted at least 20 days before the
transaction date. Investors should mandatorily give a cheque
for the first transaction drawn on the same bank account.
The application form, mandate form along with the cancelled

--- PAGE 49 ---
cheque / photocopy of the cheque should be sent to Official
point of acceptance of SBI MF.
Existing investors are required to submit only the SIP Debit
mandate form indicating the existing folio number and the
investment details as in the SIP debit form along with the first
cheque and the Cancelled cheque / Photocopy of the cheque.
• Fixed-end Period SIP
Investors can opt for a SIP for a period of 3 years, 5 years, 10
years, and 15 years in addition to the existing end date &
perpetual SIP options.
Terms and conditions of Fixed-end period for SIP are as
follows:
1) If the investor does not specify the end date of SIP, the
default period for the SIP will be considered as perpetual.
2) If the investor does not specify the date of SIP, the default
date will be considered as 10th of every month.
3) If the investor does not specify the frequency of SIP, the
default frequency will be considered as Monthly.
4) If the investor does not specify the plan option, the default
option would be considered as Growth option.
If investor specifies the end date and also the fixed end period,
the end date would be considered.
1. Top-up SIP Facility:
Top-up SIP is a facility whereby an investor has an option to
increase the SIP instalment by a fixed amount or based on a
fixed percentage at pre-defined intervals. This will enhance the
flexibility of the investor to invest higher amounts during the
tenure of the SIP.
Terms and conditions of Top-up SIP facility are as follows:
1. Investors can either opt for fixed amount SIP Top-up or
percentage SIP Top-Up option. In case investors selects
both the options, percentage based SIP Top-Up option
would be made applicable. In case the investor selects
multiple percentage SIP Top-up options under
percentage based SIP Top-Up option, the lower
percentage would be considered.
2. The minimum SIP Top-up amount under fixed amount SIP
Top-up is Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500. The
minimum Top-up percentage would be 5% of the SIP
amount and in multiples of 5% thereof.
3. If the Top-up % is not in multiples of 5, it will be rounded
down to nearest multiple of 5. The Top-up amount would
be rounded off to the nearest Rs. 10.
4. Percentage SIP Top-up would be computed on the
immediately preceding SIP instalment value as on the SIP
Top-Up trigger date.

--- PAGE 50 ---
5. The Top-up details cannot be modified once enrolled. In
order to make any changes, the investor must cancel the
existing SIP and enroll for a fresh SIP with Top-up option.
6. In case of Monthly SIP, Half-yearly as well as Yearly
frequency are available for Top-up. If the investor does
not specify the frequency, the default frequency for Top-
up will be considered as Half-yearly.
7. In case of Quarterly SIP, only the Yearly frequency is
available for Top-up.
8. Top up facility will not be applicable for SIP frequencies
other than Monthly & Quarterly. SIP Top-up facility will be
allowed in all schemes in which SIP facility is being
offered.
9. All other terms & conditions applicable for regular SIP will
also be applicable to Top-up SIP.
10. The AMC/Trustee reserves the right to terminate or modify
the conditions of the Facility at its discretion.
2. Top-up SIP Cap Facility:
Under this option, post selecting SIP Top-up option, the
investor can define the maximum SIP Top-up Cap, beyond
which the SIP instalment will not increase in future. The
investor shall have the flexibility to choose either Top-Up SIP
Cap amount or Top-Up SIP Cap Month-Year. In case of
multiple selection, Top-Up SIP Cap amount will be
considered as default selection.
Terms and conditions of Top-up SIP Cap facility are as
follows:
1. Top-up SIP Cap Amount: Investor has an option to fix the
Top-up SIP amount i.e. maximum SIP instalment including
Top-Up amount. The pre-defined amount should be equal to
or lesser than the maximum amount mentioned by the
investor in One Time Mandate Form (OTM). The instalment
amount after Top-up shall not exceed the amount mentioned
in OTM at any given time.
2. In case of difference between the Top-Up SIP Cap
Amount & OTM Debit Mandate, then amount which is lower
of the two shall be considered as the Top-up SIP Cap
amount.
3. If SIP amount (including SIP Top-up amount) reaches the
Top-up Cap before the end of SIP tenure, the SIP Top up will
cease and SIP instalment amount will remain constant for
remaining SIP Tenure.
4. Top-up SIP Cap Month-Year: It is the month from which
SIP Top-up amount will cease and last SIP instalment
including Top-Up amount will remain constant till the end of
SIP tenure.
5. If none of the above options is selected by the investor,
the SIP Top-up will continue as per the SIP end date subject
to the maximum amount mentioned in OTM Form.

--- PAGE 51 ---
6. The AMC/Trustee reserves the right to terminate or modify
the conditions of the Facility at its discretion.
(ii) Systematic Withdrawal Plan
Under SWP, a minimum amount of Rs. 500/- can be
withdrawn every month or quarter or weekly or half yearly or
on an annual basis by indicating in the application form or by
issuing advance instructions to the Registrar at any time.
Investors may indicate the month and year from which SWP
should commence along with the frequency. SWP can be
processed on any day of the month in case of all the other
frequencies other than weekly SWP and 1st / 8th / 15th / 22nd of
every month in case of Weekly SWP (date based feature) and
payment would be credited to the registered bank mandate
account of the investor through Direct Credit or cheques
would be issued. In case any of these days is a non-business
day then the immediately next business day will be
considered.
If no date is mentioned, 10th will be considered as the default
date.
In Day based feature, investors may select any Day of the
Week viz. Monday/ Tuesday/ Wednesday/ Thursday/ Friday
on which Weekly SWP instalment shall be processed and in
case any of these days is a non-business day then the
immediate next business day will be considered for
processing.
In case investor selects Weekly frequency and also selects
both Day based and Date -based Weekly SWP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SWP’.
In case investor selects Weekly frequency and does not
select Day based or Date -based Weekly SWP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SWP’.
If investor selects Day based Weekly SWP but does not
mention ‘Day’ on which the Weekly SWP instalment to be
processed, then ‘Wednesday’ will be considered as the
default Day.
If no frequency mentioned, ‘Monthly’ will be considered as the
default frequency. If ‘End date’ not mentioned, the same will
be considered as ‘Perpetual’.
SWP entails redemption of certain number of Magnums / Unit

--- PAGE 52 ---
that represents the amount withdrawn. Thus it will be treated
as capital gains for tax purposes.
The complete application form for enrolment / termination for
SWP should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to the
desired commencement/ termination date.
Any Day SWP’ Facility:
Investors are requested to note that it is decided to introduce
‘Any Day SWP facility’ in all the eligible open-ended schemes
of SBI Mutual Fund. Under ‘Any Day SWP facility’, investor can
register SWP for any day for the frequencies i.e. Monthly,
Quarterly, Semi-Annual and Annual. Accordingly, under ‘Any
Day SWP facility’, investors can select any date from 1st to
30th of a month as SWP date (for February, the last business
day would be considered if SWP date selected is 29th & 30th
of a month). In case the SWP due date is a Non Business Day,
then the immediate following Business Day will be considered
for SWP processing. For weekly frequency, SWP will continue
to remain available only on 1st / 8th / 15th / 22nd of every
month.
(iii) Systematic Transfer Plan
Systematic Transfer Plan is a combination of systematic
withdrawal from one scheme and systematic investment into
another scheme. Therefore the minimum amount of
withdrawals applicable under SWP would be applicable to STP
also. Similarly the minimum investments applicable for each
scheme under SIP would be applicable to STP. The complete
application form for enrolment / termination for STP should be
submitted, at least 10 days prior to the desired
commencement/ termination date. STP facility would allow
investors to transfer a predetermined amount or units from one
scheme of the Mutual Fund to the other. The transfer would be
effected on any business day as decided by the investor at the
time of opting for this facility. STP would be permitted for a
minimum period of six months between two schemes. The
transfer would be affected on the same date of every month
(or on the subsequent business day, if the date of first transfer
is a holiday) on which the first transfer was affected. STP can
be terminated by giving advance notice to the Registrars. STP
is available in all open-ended schemes as source and target
schemes (except Daily/Weekly IDCW Options of all schemes
as both source and target schemes) for STPs of all available
frequencies
Terms and conditions of monthly & quarterly STP:
STP would be permitted for a minimum period of six months
between two schemes. The transfer would be affected on the

--- PAGE 53 ---
same date of every month (or on the subsequent business
day, if the date of transfer is a holiday) on which the first
transfer was affected. STP can be terminated by giving
advance notice of minimum 7 days to the Registrars. In
respect of STP transactions, an investor would now be
permitted to transfer any amount from the switchout scheme,
subject to:
Monthly – Minimum Rs. 1000 & in multiples of Re. 1 thereafter
for minimum 6 months or Minimum Rs. 500 & in multiples of
Re. 1 thereafter for minimum 12 months
Quarterly - Minimum Rs. 1500 & in multiples of Re. 1
thereafter for minimum 1 year
Where, SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund is the target scheme,
Minimum number of installments for monthly STP & quarterly
STP shall be 6.
STP can be done without any restriction on maintaining the
minimum balance requirement as stipulated for the switch out
scheme.
Terms and conditions of daily & weekly STP:
1. Under this facility, investor can transfer a predetermined
amount from one scheme (Source Scheme) to the other
scheme (Target Scheme) on daily basis / weekly basis.
2. Minimum amount of STP for SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fundwill
be Rs. 500 & in multiples of Rs. 500 for both daily & weekly
STP and for other funds the minimum amount of STP will be
Rs. 500 & in multiple of Re. 1 for daily STP & Rs. 1000 & in
multiple of Re. 1 for weekly STP.
3. Minimum number of installments will be 12 for daily STP &
6 for weekly STP. Where SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund is the
target scheme, Minimum number of installments for daily STP
& for weekly STP shall be 6.
4. Weekly STP will be done on 1st, 8th, 15th & 22nd of every
month (date based STP). In case any of these days is a non-
business day then the immediate next business day will be
considered.
5. The complete application form for enrolment / termination
for STP should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to the
desired commencement/ termination date.
6. Exit load shall be as is applicable in the target/source
schemes.
7. In Day based feature, investors may select any Day of the
Week viz. Monday/ Tuesday/ Wednesday/ Thursday/ Friday
on which Weekly STP instalment shall be processed and in
case any of these days is a non-business day then the
immediate next business day will be considered for
processing.
8. In case investor selects Weekly frequency and also
selects both Day based and Date -based Weekly STP, default
will be considered as ‘Day based Weekly STP.
9. In case investor selects Weekly frequency and does not
select Day based or Date -based Weekly STP, default will be

--- PAGE 54 ---
considered as ‘Day based Weekly SIP/STP/SWP’.
10. If investor selects Day based Weekly STP but does not
mention ‘Day’ on which the Weekly STP instalment to be
processed, then ‘Wednesday’ will be considered as the default
Day.
Default frequency for STP is Monthly & default date for the
start of STP is 10th.
i. Flex Systematic Transfer Plan in all the open-ended
schemes of SBI Mutual Fund offering Systematic Transfer
Plan (STP) facility:
Flex Systematic Transfer Plan is a facility wherein an investor
under a designated open-ended Scheme can opt to transfer
variable amounts linked to the value of his investments on the
date of transfer at pre-determined intervals from designated
open-ended scheme (source scheme) to the Growth option of
another open-ended scheme (target scheme).
Terms and conditions of Flex STP are as follows:
1. The amount to be transferred under Flex STP from source
scheme to target scheme shall be calculated using the
below formula:
Flex STP amount = [(fixed amount to be transferred
per installment x number of installments already
executed, including the current installment) - market
value of the investments through Flex STP in the
Transferee Scheme on the date of transfer]
2. The first Flex STP installment will be processed for the
fixed installment amount specified by the investor at the
time of enrolment. From the second Flex STP installment
onwards, the transfer amount shall be computed as per
formula stated above.
3. Flex STP would be available for Weekly, Monthly and
Quarterly frequencies.
4. Weekly Flex STP can be done on 1st / 8th / 15th / 22nd of
every month.
5. Flex STP is available from “Daily / Weekly” IDCW plans of
the source schemes.
6. Flex STP is available only in “Growth” option of the target
scheme.
7. If there is any other financial transaction (purchase,
redemption or switch) processed in the target scheme
during the tenure of Flex STP, the Flex STP will be
processed as normal STP for the rest of the installments
for a fixed amount.
8. A single Flex STP Enrolment Form can be filled for transfer
into one Scheme/Plan/Option only.
9. In case the date of transfer falls on a Non-Business Day,
then the immediate following Business Day will be
considered for the purpose of determining the applicability
of NAV.
10. In case the amount (as per the formula) to be transferred
is not available in the source scheme in the investor’s folio,

--- PAGE 55 ---
the residual amount will be transferred to the target
scheme and Flex STP will be closed.
11. The complete application form for enrolment / termination
for Flex STP should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to
the desired commencement/ termination date.
12. All other terms & conditions of Systematic Transfer Plan
are also applicable to Flex STP.
Swing STP
Swing STP is a facility wherein investor can opt to transfer an
amount at regular intervals from source scheme of SBI Mutual
Fund (SBIMF) to a target scheme of SBIMF including a feature
of reverse transfer from target scheme into the source
scheme, in order to achieve the targeted market value on each
transfer date in the target scheme. This ensures that the
market value on each date of the transfer rises by a specified
amount at every frequency irrespective of the market price. For
example if investor decides that the value of their investment
in the target scheme should appreciate by Rs. 1000 per month,
then each month investor will invest only to the extent of the
shortfall. If appreciation in the target scheme is higher than the
target value then this excess value is reverse transferred to the
source scheme. Thus the amount to be transferred will be
arrived at on the basis of the difference between the target
market value and the actual market value of the holdings in the
target scheme on the date of transfer.
Terms & conditions of Swing STP are as follows:
1. Source scheme: All open ended schemes (Excluding SBI
ELSS Tax Saver Fund and ETF schemes) of SBI Mutual
Fund.
2. Target scheme: Growth option in all open ended schemes
(Excluding SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fundand ETF schemes)
of SBI Mutual Fund.
3. Frequency: Weekly, Monthly and Quarterly intervals. In
case the Frequency is not indicated, Monthly frequency
shall be treated as the Default Frequency.
4. Dates: The dates of transfers/ default dates shall be as
under:
Frequency Dates of Default
Transfers Date
Weekly 1st, 8th, 15th & 22nd
Interval of every month
Monthly 1st, 5th, 10th, 15th, 10th of
Interval 20th, 25th & 30th every
In case of February month
last working day)
Quarterly 1st, 5th, 10th, 15th, 10th of
Interval 20th, 25th & 30th (In every
case of February quarter
last working day)
The beginning of
the quarter could

--- PAGE 56 ---
be any month e.g.
January, May,
November, etc.
In case the date of transfer falls on a non-Business Day, the
immediate next Business day will be considered for the
purpose of determining the applicability of NAV and
processing the transaction.
5. The minimum amount for the first installment shall be as
follows:
• Weekly & Monthly frequency: Rs. 1,000 and in
multiples of Re. 1
• Quarterly frequency: Rs. 3,000 and in multiples of
Re. 1
6. Minimum number of installments
• Weekly & Monthly frequency: 12
• Quarterly frequency: 4
7. If there is any other financial transaction (purchase /
redemption / switch / SIP / DTP etc.) processed in the target
scheme/plan/option during the tenure of Swing STP, the
Swing STP will be processed as normal STP for the rest of
the installments for the fixed amount.
8. Amount of transfer: The first Swing STP installment will be
processed for the installment amount specified by the
investor at the time of enrollment. From the second Swing
STP installment onwards, the transfer amount will be
derived by the following formula:
(First installment amount X Number of installments including
the current installment) – Market Value of the investments
through Swing STP in the target scheme/plan/option on the
date of transfer.
In case on the STP date, the amount (as specified above)
to be transferred is not available in the source
scheme/plan/option in the investor’s folio, the residual
amount will be transferred to the target scheme/plan/option
and Swing STP will be closed. Investors have an option to
consider earlier investments in the target scheme for
calculating Swing STP amount.
9. Reverse Transfer: On the date of transfer, if the market
value of the investments in the target scheme/plan/option
through Swing STP is higher than the target market value
(first installment amount X number of installments including
the current installment), then a reverse transfer will be
effected from the target scheme/plan/option to the source
scheme/plan/option to the extent of the difference in the
amount, in order to arrive at the target market value.
10. Top-up option: Investor can choose Swing STP based on
fixed amount installment and additionally investor has an
option to choose top-up option. Under this, investor can
indicate an absolute amount or percentage (in annualized
terms) by which each installment amount will be increased.
Amount of transfer will be calculated by taking into
consideration of the target market value (including top-up
amount) and actual market value of the investments in the
target scheme.

--- PAGE 57 ---
a. Amount of transfer: The first Swing STP installment
will be processed for the first installment amount
specified by the investor at the time of enrollment.
From the second Swing STP installment onwards, the
transfer amount will be derived by the following
formula:
In case Top-up amount mentioned as absolute
amount:
Target market value Minus Market Value of the
investments through Swing STP in the target
scheme/plan/option on the date of transfer.
Target market value = (Target market value at the time
of last installment + First installment amount + (Top-
up absolute amount X Number of installments
excluding the current installment)).
Minimum amount for Top-up (absolute amount):
• Weekly & Monthly frequency: Rs. 50 per
installment and in multiples of Re. 1
• Quarterly frequency: Rs. 100 per installment and in
multiples of Re. 1
In case Top-up amount mentioned in percentage:
Target Market Value less Market Value of the
investments through Swing STP in the target scheme
on the date of transfer.
Target Market Value = (Target market value at the time of
last installment + First installment amount + (Target
value at the time of last installment X Top-up
percentage/ No. of periods))
No. of periods will be considered as below:
• For weekly frequency – 48
• For monthly frequency – 12
• For quarterly frequency – 4
b. Minimum percentage for Top-up (percentage option):
12% per annum
11. A single STP enrolment Form can be submitted for transfer
into one Scheme/Plan/Option only.
12. The redemption/switch-out of units allotted in the target
scheme shall be processed on First In First Out (FIFO)
basis.
13. The provision of ‘Minimum Redemption Amount’ as
specified in the Scheme Information Document of the
source scheme (target scheme in case of Reverse
Transfer) and ‘Minimum Purchase Amount’ specified in the
Scheme Information Document of the target scheme
(source scheme in case of Reverse Transfer) will not be
applicable for Swing STP.
14. The application for enrollment / termination for Swing STP
should be submitted at least 10 days before the desired
commencement / termination date.
15. In case the Start Date is not mentioned, the application will
be registered after expiry of 10 days from submission of the
application as per the default date i.e. 10th of each month /
quarter (or the immediately succeeding Business Day). In

--- PAGE 58 ---
case the End Date is not mentioned, the application will be
registered for perpetual period.
16. Load structure prevalent in source & target schemes (for
reverse transfer) at the time of Swing STP registration will
be applicable during the tenure of the Swing STP.
17. Swing STP will be automatically terminated if balance is not
available in the source scheme/plan/option on the date of
Swing STP installment processing.
18. The Swing STP Facility is available only for units held in
Non - demat Mode in the source and target schemes.
The Trustees / AMC reserves the right to change / modify the
terms and conditions of the Swing STP or withdraw the Swing
STP facility at the later date.
Capital Appreciation Systematic Transfer Plan (CASTP):
Under this facility investors can transfer capital appreciation
from their invested scheme (source scheme) to another
open-ended scheme (target scheme). The salient features
and terms & conditions of CASTP are given below:
1. Source scheme: This facility is available under Growth
option of all open ended schemes [except Equity Linked
Savings Scheme & Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)] of SBI
Mutual Fund.
2. Target scheme: All open ended schemes except ETFs and
daily IDCW options.
3. Frequency: CASTP offers transfer facility at weekly (1st. 8th,
15th & 22nd), monthly & quarterly intervals.
4. Amount to be transferred: Capital appreciation, if any, will
be transferred to the target Scheme, subject to minimum of
Rs. 100 on any business day.
5. Minimum number of installments:
− Weekly & monthly frequency – six installments
− Quarterly frequency - four installments.
6. Capital appreciation, if any, will be calculated from the
enrolment date of the CASTP under the folio, till the first
transfer date. Subsequent capital appreciation, if any, will
be the capital appreciation between the previous CASTP
date (where CASTP has been processed and transferred)
and the current CASTP date.
7. The application for enrolment / termination for CASTP
should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to the desired
commencement/ termination date.
8. In case Start Date is mentioned but End Date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered for perpetual
period.
9. In case End Date is mentioned but Start Date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered after the expiry
of 10 days from the submission of the application for the
date of the transfer mentioned in the application, provided
the minimum number of installments is met.

--- PAGE 59 ---
10. Minimum investment requirement in the target scheme and
minimum redemption amount in the source scheme is not
be applicable for CASTP.
11. Default options:
a. Between Regular STP, Flex STP and CASTP – Regular
STP
b. Between weekly, monthly & quarterly frequency –
Monthly frequency
c. Default date for monthly and quarterly frequency – 10th
12. Investor can register only one CASTP for transfer from a
source scheme.
13. In case the date of transfer falls on a Non-Business Day,
then the immediate following Business Day will be
considered for the purpose of transfer.
14. Exit load shall be as applicable in the target/source
schemes.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or
discontinue this facility at any time in future on prospective
basis.
Switchover facility
Unit holders under the scheme will have the facility of
switchover between the two Options in the scheme at NAV.
Switchover between this scheme and other scheme of the
Mutual Fund would be at NAV related prices. Switchovers
would be at par with redemption from the outgoing
option/Plan/scheme and would attract the applicable tax
provisions and load at the time of switchover.
SIP Pause facility Under SIP pause facility, the investor shall have option to
discontinue their SIP temporarily for specific number of
instalments. The terms and conditions of SIP Pause facility
shall be as follows:
1. Investors can pause their SIP at any time by filling SIP
pause form and submitting the same at any branch of
SBIMF/CAMS. Pause request should be received 15
days prior to the subsequent SIP date.
2. SIP Pause facility is available for SIP registration with
Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual, and Annual
frequency.
3. SIP shall restart immediately after the completion of
Pause period.
4. SIP Pause facility will allow investor to ‘Pause’ their
existing SIP during the tenure of SIP across all
frequencies for a period upto one year. The actual
number of instalments that will get paused will be as per
the SIP frequency.
5. Investors can avail this facility multiple times in the
tenure of the existing SIP.
6. SIP Pause facility will not be available for the SIPs
sourced/registered through MFU, Exchange & Channel
platforms as the mandate is registered by them.
7. If the SIP Pause period is coinciding with the Top-Up
facility, the SIP instalment amount post completion of

--- PAGE 60 ---
pause period would be inclusive of SIP Top-up amount.
For e.g. SIP instalment amount prior to Pause period is
Rs. 2,000/- and Top-up amount is Rs. 1,000/-. If the
pause period is completed after date of Top-up, then the
SIP instalment amount post completion of pause period
shall be Rs.3,000/-.
8. In case of multiple SIPs registered in a scheme, SIP
Pause facility will be made applicable only for those SIP
instalments whose SIP date, frequency, amount and
Scheme/Plan is specified in the form. Further for
different or multiple SIP mandate in the same scheme,
separate SIP Pause Forms are required to be submitted
for each SIP mandate.
9. The AMC reserves the right to terminate this facility or
modify the conditions of the SIP Pause facility at its
discretion.
10. In case of discrepancies in the information provided in
the SIP Pause Form and the details registered with the
AMC, the details registered with the AMC shall be
considered for processing or in case of ambiguity in the
SIP Pause Form, the AMC reserves the right to reject
the SIP Pause Form.
11. Investor cannot cancel the SIP Pause once registered.
MITRA SIP ‘MITRA SIP’ is a facility that allows investor to make initial
investment through Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) and
after completion of specific tenure switch the units to another
Scheme or continue to remain in the Same Scheme as per
the option selected by the investor and Systematic
Withdrawal through SWP from the target scheme.
Terms and Conditions for MITRA SIP
1. MITRA SIP facility is available under select schemes of
SBI Mutual Fund for a fixed SIP tenure of either 8 years,
10 years, 12 years, 15 years, 20 years, 25 years or 30
years.
2. This facility is allowed under ‘Monthly’ frequency for
Growth option of the schemes mentioned in point 3 below.
3. Schemes eligible for SIP, Switch-in and SWP: The
target scheme can either be the Source Scheme (i.e. SIP
scheme) or any one of the pre-defined schemes
mentioned below.
Name of Schemes Name of Schemes (for
(for SIP) Switch and SWP)
SBI ESG Exclusionary SBI Conservative Hybrid
Strategy Fund Fund
SBI Large & Midcap SBI Multi Asset Allocation
Fund Fund
SBI MNC Fund SBI Large Cap Fund
SBI Equity Hybrid SBI Arbitrage
Fund Opportunities Fund

--- PAGE 61 ---
SBI Consumption SBI Short Term Debt Fund
Opportunities Fund
SBI Technology SBI Banking & PSU Fund
Opportunities Fund
SBI Healthcare SBI Equity Savings Fund
Opportunities Fund
SBI Contra Fund SBI Balanced Advantage
Fund
SBI Nifty Index Fund SBI Equity Hybrid Fund
SBI Focused Fund
SBI Conservative
Hybrid Fund
SBI Midcap Fund
SBI Comma Fund
SBI Flexicap Fund
SBI Multi Asset
Allocation Fund
SBI Large Cap Fund
SBI Infrastructure Fund
SBI PSU Fund
SBI Small Cap Fund
SBI Banking &
Financial Services
Fund
SBI Equity Minimum
Variance Fund
SBI US Specific Equity
Active FoF
SBI Nifty Next 50 Index
Fund
SBI Balanced
Advantage Fund
SBI Multicap Fund
SBI Nifty Midcap 150
Index Fund
SBI Nifty Smallcap 250
Index Fund
SBI Dividend Yield
Fund
SBI BSE Sensex Index
Fund
SBI Nifty50 Equal
Weight Index Fund
SBI Energy
Opportunities Fund
SBI Automotive
Opportunities Fund
SBI Nifty 500 Index
Fund
SBI Nifty India

--- PAGE 62 ---
Consumption Index
Fund
SBI Nifty Bank Index
Fund
SBI Nifty IT Index Fund
SBI Quant Fund
SBI Innovative
Opportunities Fund
SBI BSE PSU Bank
Index Fund
SBI Nifty200 Quality 30
Index Fund
SBI Nifty 200
Momentum 30 Index
Fund
SBI Nifty100 Low
Volatility 30 Index
Fund
SBI Dynamic Asset
Allocation Active FoF
4. Minimum installment amount under this facility for SIP /
SWP would be the same as prescribed under monthly
frequencies in the respective Schemes. All other terms
and conditions pertaining to SIP and SWP shall be
applicable for MITRA SIP facility.
5. On completion of the SIP period (either 8 years, 10 years,
12 years, 15 years, 20 Years, 25 years or 30 Years as the
case may be), the entire accumulated clear unit balance
shall be switched on T+15 calendar days to a pre-defined
target scheme (T is the last SIP transaction date of the
facility) or continue to remain in the same scheme as per
option selected by the investor. In case the source and
target scheme is different, then switch out from the source
scheme would be subject to applicable exit load and taxes.
6. SWP will commence from the target scheme from next
month onwards on the same SIP instalment date. The
SWP transaction shall be subject to exit load and taxes,
as applicable.
7. Investor can opt for SWP instalment amount as per the
matrix below or specific amount to be mentioned, provided
that the amount mentioned by the investor is less than or
equal to amount mentioned as per the matrix and shall be
subject to minimum SWP amount of the respective
schemes.

--- PAGE 63 ---
SIP Monthly SWP Instalments
Tenure
8 years 1X monthly SIP instalment
10 years 1.5X monthly SIP
instalment
12 years 2X monthly SIP instalment
15 years 3X monthly SIP instalment
20 years 5X monthly SIP instalment
25 years 8X monthly SIP instalment
30 Years 12X monthly SIP
instalment
For example, for 20 years SIP with instalment amount
of Rs 10,000, SWP amount must be less than or equal
to Rs 50,000 (i.e. 5 times of monthly SIP instalment). If
SWP amount mentioned in the application form is
greater than the applicable slab, then it shall lead to
rejection of the application. In case investor does not
fill in any SWP amount, the default amount shall be as
per the applicable slab given above.
8. In case no SIP tenure is selected, the default tenure shall
be 12 years. In case no SIP date is selected, the default
date shall be 10.
9. In case, no scheme is mentioned as target scheme for
SWP, the SWP shall be triggered from the existing source
SIP scheme itself.
10. In case, where SIP and Switch-In scheme is same, no
switch shall be initiated and SWP shall be triggered from
the source SIP scheme itself.
11. SWP Date will be same as the SIP date. The Start date of
SWP will be the month following the last SIP instalment
date and the SWP End Date will be perpetual i.e. the SWP
under this facility shall be processed till units are available
in the respective target scheme. In case, the SWP trigger
date is a non- business day, the next business day shall
be considered as trigger date.
12. This facility shall get discontinued in the following events:
i) On cancellation of SIP before the end of tenure, the
switch trigger and SWP will cease.
ii) In case, redemption / switch-out processed in
Source Scheme during the SIP tenure, the Switch
trigger and SWP will cease, however SIP shall
continue under the Source Scheme as normal SIP.
iii) In case redemption / switch-out is processed in
Source Scheme after the SIP tenure till the execution

--- PAGE 64 ---
of switch trigger, the switch trigger and the SWP will
cease.
13. SIP Top-Up and SIP Pause is allowed under this facility.
However, SWP would get registered based on the initial
SIP instalment amount / slab mentioned in the application
form.
14. Under a single folio, an investor can have multiple
registrations under this facility. However, if investor wishes
to invest in multiple schemes, investor shall have to submit
separate MITRA SIP registration forms.
15. This facility will not be available under DEMAT mode and
for Minor investors.
Trigger facilities in all the open-ended Trigger is an event on happening of which the funds from one
schemes of SBI Mutual Fund scheme will be automatically redeemed and/or switched to
another scheme as specified by the investor. A trigger will
activate a transaction/alert when the event selected for, has
reached a value equal to or greater than (as the exact trigger
value may or may not be achieved) the specified particular value
(trigger point).
Types of Triggers:
1. NAV Appreciation / Depreciation Trigger: Under this
facility, Investor can indicate NAV appreciation or
depreciation in percentage terms for exit trigger. The
minimum % NAV appreciation or depreciation is 5% and in
multiples of 1% thereafter. On activation of the trigger the
applicable NAV for the transaction will be of the day on
which the trigger has been activated.
2. Index Level Appreciation / Depreciation Trigger: Under
this facility, investor would indicate the Sensex level as the
trigger to redeem/ switch from one scheme to another. The
Sensex level to be indicated in multiples of 100 only. In
case indicated otherwise, it will be rounded off to nearest
100 points. The investor may choose the Sensex level
above or below the current level.
3. Capital Appreciation / Depreciation: Under this facility,
investors will be given the option to indicate the capital
appreciation / depreciation in monetary terms to activate
the trigger. Minimum Capital Appreciation / Depreciation
should be Rs. 10,000 & in multiples of Rs. 1000 thereafter.
Terms and conditions of Trigger facility are as follows:
1. Trigger facility is available only in “Growth” option of the
source scheme.
2. Trigger facility is not available in “Daily / Weekly” options of
the target scheme.
3. Investor has the option to select the entire amount /
appreciation to be processed on the activation of trigger.
4. The Trigger option mandate will be registered on T+10
basis.

--- PAGE 65 ---
5. Minimum investment amount under the “Trigger Facility” is
Rs. 25,000/- and in multiples of Rs. 1 thereafter.
6. Combination of trigger facilities is not permitted. The
investor may choose only one of the available triggers.
7. The specified trigger will fail, if the investor(s) do not
maintain sufficient balance in source scheme(s) on the
trigger date. Trigger will also not get executed in case units
are under pledge / lien.
8. Trigger facility shall be applicable subject to exit load, if any,
in the transferor schemes.
9. Investor cannot modify a Trigger registration once
submitted. Investor must cancel the existing Trigger option
and enroll for a fresh Trigger option.
10. In case Trigger is not activated within one year of
application, the Trigger registration will cease to exist. In
such cases, investor(s) would have to register fresh trigger
mandates.
11. If any financial transaction (purchase, redemption or switch)
processed in the source scheme, the trigger will be
cancelled automatically.
Transfer of Income Distribution cum Transfer of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal plan is a
capital withdrawal plan in all open facility wherein the IDCW declared under an open-ended
ended schemes of SBIMF Scheme (Source Scheme) will automatically be invested into
another Open ended Scheme (Target Scheme) except Liquid
Schemes.
Terms and conditions for availing the above facility is detailed
below:
1. Minimum amount of IDCW eligible for transfer is Rs.250 If
the IDCW in the source scheme happens to be less than
Rs.250, then such IDCW will be automatically reinvested in
the source scheme irrespective of the option selected by the
investor.
2. Investment in the target scheme will be done at the NAV as
applicable for switches, with record date being the
transaction day.
3. Investor wishing to select Transfer of Income Distribution
cum capital withdrawal plan will have to opt for all units
under the respective plan/option of the source scheme.
4. Investors opting for Transfer of Income Distribution cum
capital withdrawal plan has to specify each
scheme/plan/option separately & not at the folio level.
5. Minimum investment amount requirement in the target
scheme/s will not be applicable for the Transfer of Income
Distribution cum capital withdrawal plan.
6. Request for enrollment must be submitted at least 15 days
before the IDCW record date.
7. Investors can terminate this facility by giving a written
request at least 15 days prior to the IDCW record date under
the source scheme.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or discontinue

--- PAGE 66 ---
this facility at any time in future on prospective basis.
SBI MULTI SELECT facility With a view to provide convenience and promote diversification
benefits to investor(s), SBI Mutual Fund (SBIMF) has introduced
a new facility i.e. SBI MULTI SELECT through which an investor
can invest in multiple schemes of SBI Mutual Fund with a single
cheque. Minimum subscription amount in a scheme would be as
per the Scheme Information Document of the respective
scheme. However, minimum total investment in the facility shall
be INR 20,000. The facility is also available through Systematic
Investment Plan (SIP). Minimum investment amount in a
Scheme would be as per the existing details pertaining to
monthly SIP as stated in Scheme Information Document of the
respective scheme(s). Top-up facility will not be available under
this facility. All the terms and conditions pertaining to SIP shall
also be applicable to SIP through SBI MULTI SELECT facility.
Investors are requested to visit www.sbimf.com for detailed
terms & conditions of the facility.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or discontinue
this facility at any time in future.
Facilitating transactions through Stock In terms of paragraph 16.2.2 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual
Exchange Mechanism Funds dated June 27, 2024, units of the Scheme can be
transacted through all the registered stock brokers of the
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and / or BSE Limited
who are also registered with AMFI and are empanelled as
distributors with SBI Mutual Fund. Accordingly, such stock
brokers shall be eligible to be considered as ‘official points of
acceptance’ of SBI Mutual Fund.
Further in line with paragraph 16.2.12 of SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, it has been decided to
allow investors to directly access infrastructure of the
recognised stock exchanges to purchase mutual fund units
directly from Mutual Fund/ Asset Management Companies.
SEBI circular has advised recognised stock exchanges, clearing
corporations and depositories to make necessary amendment
to their existing byelaws, rules and/or regulations, wherever
required.

--- PAGE 67 ---
III. Other Details
A. In case of Fund of Funds Scheme, Details of Benchmark, Investment Objective,
Investment Strategy, TER, AUM, Year wise performance, Top 10 Holding/ link to Top
10 holding of the underlying fund should be provided
Not Applicable
B. Periodic Disclosures such as Half yearly disclosures, half yearly results, annual report
(i) Half Yearly disclosure of Un-Audited Financials:
Before expiry of one month from the close of each half year i.e. on March 31 or September
30, the Fund shall host a soft copy of half – yearly unaudited financial results on the website
of the Fund i.e. www.sbimf.com and that of AMFI www.amfiindia.com. A notice
advertisement communicating the investors that the financial results shall be hosted on the
website shall be published in one national English daily newspaper and in a newspaper in
the language of the region where the Head Office of the fund is situated.
(ii) Half Yearly disclosure of Scheme’s Portfolio:
In terms of SEBI notification dated May 29, 2018 read with paragraph 5.1 of the SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, on half year basis (i.e. March 31 &
September 30), the portfolio of the Scheme shall be disclosed as under:
1. The Fund shall disclose the scheme’s portfolio (alongwith the ISIN) in the prescribed
format as on the last day of the half year for all the Schemes of SBI Mutual Fund on its
website i.e. www.sbimf.com and on the AMFI’s website i.e. www.amfiindia.com within
10 days from the close of the half-year.
2. A Statement of Scheme portfolio shall be emailed to those unitholders whose email
addresses are registered with the Fund within 10 days from the close of each half year.
3. The AMC shall publish an advertisement every half year, in the all India edition of at
least two daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi; disclosing the hosting of the
half yearly schemes portfolio statement on its website viz. www.sbimf.com and on the
website of AMFI i.e. www.amfiindia.com and the modes through which a written request
can be submitted by the unitholder for obtaining a physical or electronic copy of the
statement of scheme portfolio.
4. The AMC shall provide physical copy of the statement of scheme portfolio, without
charging any cost, on receipt of a specific request from the unitholder.
(iii) Monthly Disclosure of Schemes’ Portfolio Statement
The fund shall disclose the scheme’s portfolio in the prescribed format along with the ISIN
as on the last day of the month for all the Schemes of SBI Mutual Fund on its website
www.sbimf.com and on the AMFI’s website i.e. www.amfiindia.com within 10 days from the
close of the month. Further, the Statement of Scheme portfolio shall be emailed to those
unitholders whose email addresses are registered with the Fund within the above prescribed
timeline. Further, the AMC shall provide physical copy of the statement of scheme portfolio,
without charging any cost, on receipt of a specific request from the unitholder.
(iv) Annual Report
Scheme wise Annual Report or an abridged summary thereof shall be provided to all
unitholders within four months from the date of closure of the relevant accounts year i.e. 31st

--- PAGE 68 ---
March each year as follows:
1. The Scheme wise annual report / abridged summary thereof shall be hosted on website
of the Fund i.e., www.sbimf.com and on the website of AMFI i.e. www.amfiindia.com.
The physical copy of the scheme-wise annual report or abridged summary shall be
made available to the unitholders at the registered office of SBI Mutual Fund at all times.
2. The scheme annual report or an abridged summary thereof shall be emailed to those
unitholders whose email addresses are registered with the Fund.
3. The AMC shall publish an advertisement on annual basis, in the all India edition of at
least two daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi; disclosing the hosting of the
scheme wise annual report on its website viz. www.sbimf.com and on the website of
AMFI i.e. www.amfiindia.com and the modes through which a written request can be
submitted by the unitholder for obtaining a physical or electronic copy of the scheme-
wise annual report or abridged summary.
4. The AMC shall provide physical copy of the abridged summary of the Annual report,
without charging any cost, on receipt of a specific request from the unitholder.
(v) Product Labelling
The Risk-o-meter shall have following six levels of risk:
i. Low Risk
ii. Low to Moderate Risk
iii. Moderate Risk
iv. Moderately High Risk
v. High Risk and
vi. Very High Risk
The evaluation of risk levels of a Scheme shall be done in accordance with Paragraph 17.4
of SEBI Master Circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024, as amended from time to
time.
Any change in risk-o-meter shall be communicated by way of Notice cum Addendum and by
way of an e-mail or SMS to unitholders. The risk-o-meter shall be evaluated on a monthly
basis and the risk-o-meter alongwith portfolio disclosure shall be disclosed on the
www.sbimf.com as well as AMFI website within 10 days from the close of each month. The
risk level of the Scheme as on March 31 of every year, along with number of times the risk
level has changed over the year shall be disclosed on www.sbimf.com and AMFI website.
Risk-o-meter details shall also be disclosed in scheme wise Annual Reports and Abridged
summary.
(vi) Benchmark Riskometer
Pursuant to extant SEBI regulations, AMCs shall disclose the following in all disclosures in which
the unit holders are invested as on the date , including promotional material or that stipulated by
SEBI:
a. risk-o-meter of the scheme wherever the performance of the scheme is disclosed
b. risk-o-meter of the scheme and benchmark wherever the performance of the scheme vis-à-vis
that of the benchmark is disclosed.
Further, the portfolio disclosure in terms of para 5.17 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds
dated June 27, 2024shall also include the scheme risk-o-meter, name of benchmark and risk-o-
meter of benchmark.

--- PAGE 69 ---
(vii) Scheme Summary Document
The AMC has provided on its website a standalone scheme document for all the Schemes which
contains all the details viz. Scheme features, Fund Manager details, investment details, investment
objective, expense ratios, portfolio details, etc.
Scheme Summary Documents shall be disclosed on www.sbimf.com, www.amfiindia.com
and stock exchange website in 3 data formats i.e. PDF, Spreadsheet and a machine
readable format (either JSON or XML). on a monthly basis or whenever there is changes in
any of the specified field, whichever is earlier.
C. Transparency/NAV Disclosure
NAV of the Scheme would be computed and declared on all business day. NAV will be disclosed
in the manner as may be specified under SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. NAV can also
be viewed on www.sbimf.com and www.amfiindia.com. Further, the Mutual Fund shall send the
latest available NAVs to the unitholders through SMS, upon receiving a specific request in this
regard.
The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of Association of Mutual Funds in India - AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) and on website of the Mutual Fund (www.sbimf.com) by 11.00 p.m.
However, whenever the Scheme also invests in foreign securities, the NAVs of Scheme shall be
updated on daily basis on the website of the AMC and on the website of AMFI by 10:00 a.m. of
the following business day in line with Paragraph 8.2 of Master Circular for mutual funds.
In case of non-availability of price/valuation for the underlying overseas investments before
aforementioned timeline, consequent to which there would be inability in capturing same day
price/valuation for such underlying investments, then NAV of the Scheme will be declared as and
when the price/valuation for such underlying securities/ Funds is available.
In case of any delay, the reasons for such delay would be explained to AMFI and SEBI by the next
day. If the NAVs are not available before commencement of business hours on the following day
due to any reason, the Fund shall issue a press release providing reasons and explaining when
the Fund would be able to publish the NAVs.
D. Transaction charges and stamp duty-.
Transaction charges – Not Applicable.
Stamp Duty
Pursuant to Notification issued by Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance, Government of India, a
stamp duty of 0.005% would be levied on applicable mutual fund transactions. Accordingly, pursuant to
levy of stamp duty, the number of units allotted on applicable transactions (Purchase, Switch-in, IDCW
Reinvestment & Systematic transactions viz. SIP / STP-in etc.) to the unit holders would be reduced to
that extent.
Please refer SAI for details.
E. Associate Transactions- Please refer to Statement of Additional Information (SAI)

--- PAGE 70 ---
F. Taxation- For details on taxation please refer to the clause on Taxation in the SAI apart from
the following:
Tax Resident Investors Non-Resident Investors Mutual Fund
Tax on Income Taxable at normal tax
Distribution under rates applicable to 20% 3 5
IDCW Option 2 investor 3 5
Capital Gains 4
a) Long Term 12.50% 3 on gains 12.50% 3 5 on gains
(period of holding: exceeding Rs.1,25,000 exceeding Rs.1,25,000 in a
Nil 1
more than 12 in a year (without year (without indexation &
months) indexation benefit) foreign exchange
fluctuation benefit)
b) Short Term
(period of holding: 20% 3 20% 3 5
up to 12 months)
1. SBI Mutual Fund is registered with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and is as
such eligible for benefits u/s. 10(23D) of the Income-tax Act, 1961. Accordingly, the entire
income of SBI Mutual Fund is exempt from income-tax. SBI Mutual Fund will receive all its
income without deduction of tax at source as per provisions of Section 196 of the said Act.
2. With effect from April 1, 2020, income distributed by a mutual fund in respect of units of mutual
funds is taxable in the hands of the unitholders at normal tax rates (plus applicable surcharge
and cess).
3. Basic Tax shall be increased by surcharge as per applicable rate and Health & Education Cess
at the rate of 4% on aggregate of basic tax & surcharge.
4. Securities Transaction Tax (STT) @ 0.001% is applicable on redemption of units of equity-
oriented mutual funds.
5. The Mutual Fund will pay/deduct taxes as per the applicable tax laws on the relevant date
considering the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 read with the Income-tax Rules, 1962
and any circulars or notifications or directives or instructions issued thereunder. Please note
that grant of DTAA benefit, if any, is subject to fulfilment of stipulated conditions under the
provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 and the relevant DTAA as well as interpretation of
relevant Article of such DTAA.
In case of Resident Investors: TDS is applicable at the rate of 10% on income distributed in excess of
Rs.10,000 by a mutual fund.
In case of Non-Resident Investors: TDS is applicable on any income in respect of units of a Mutual Fund
at lower of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) or rate of income-tax provided in the relevant DTAA
(read with CBDT Circular no. 3/2022 dated 3rd February 2022), provided such investor furnishes valid Tax
Residency Certificate (TRC) for concerned FY. Tax will be deducted on Short-term/Long-term capital gains
at the tax rates (plus applicable Surcharge and Health and Education Cess) specified in the Finance Act
2025 at the time of redemption of units in case of Non-Resident investors (other than FIIs) only.
TDS at higher rates: In case PAN is not furnished or PAN is inoperative, then TDS as per Section 206AA
of the Income-tax Act, 1961 would apply (higher of specified rate or rates in force or 20%), subject to Rule
37BC of the Income-tax Rules, 1962.
The above income-tax/TDS rates are in accordance with the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 as

--- PAGE 75 ---
Kolkata 700047 Phone no: 9874772626 Email id: Cs4.Kol@sbimf.com GANDHINAGAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd Shop No.6, Ground Floor, Skyline, Plot No. 23, Sector 11, Gandhinagar – 382 011 Phone
No: 7935336678Email ID: cs.gandhinagar@sbimf.com GOA : SBI Funds Management Ltd, Agva House,
Ground Floor, Near Mahalaxmi Temple, Dr. Dada Vaidya Road, Panaji Goa 403001 Tel No.: 0832-2421806
Email id: cs.goa@sbimf.com. GOA (VASCO-DA-GAMA) Shop No.2, Ground Floor, Anand Chambers, F L
Gomes Road, Near SBI Bank, Vasco Da Gama South Goa – 403802, Goa Tel No.: 0832-2500636, Email ID:
cs.vasco@sbimf.com GURGAON :SBI Funds Management Ltd, 24, Vipul Agora Building, Ground Floor, M.G.
Road, Near Sahara Mall, Gurgaon-122002, Tel : (0124) 4200828, Email id: cs.gurgaon@sbimf.com. GUWAHATI
:SBI Funds Management Ltd, Sethi Trust Building,Unit-III, Above State Bank of India-GMC Branch, G.S.Road,
Bhangagarh, Guwahati-781005, Tel : (0361)2463704. GANDHIDHAM :SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o State
Bank of India, Adinath Arcade, Office No. 6, Police Station Road, Gandhidham – 370201, Gujarat. GAYA: SBI
Funds Management Ltd, Nandan Niketan, Ground Floor, Nagmatia Road, Gaya-823001, Bihar, Phone No:
8252934222, 0631-2222405, Email Id:cs.gaya@sbimf.com. GHATKOPAR : Shop No - 1 & 2, Atlantic Towers,
R B Mehta Road, Near Railway Station, Ghatkopar – East, Mumbai – 400077. Tel No.: 022 – 25012227 / 28.
GHAZIABAD: SBI Funds Management Ltd, C – 40, RDC, Raj Nagar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh - 201002
Phone No: 0120 – 4217338 Email id: cs.ghaziabad@sbimf.com GIRIDIH: Shanti Heights,1st Floor, Above Hero
Showroom, Whitty Bazar, Giridih - 815301. Phone No: 06532-296009 Email id: cs.giridih@sbimf.com
GORAKHPUR: Shop No – 6 & 7, Upper Ground Floor, Cross Mall The Road, AD Chowk, Bank Road, Gorakhpur
– 273001, Uttar Pradesh, Tel: 0551-2203378.GWALIOR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Ground Floor, Uma Plaza
83 / 84, Kailash Vihar, Near City Centre, Ward No.30, Gwalior-474001, Tel: 0751-2447272, Madhya Pradesh,
Email Id: cs.gwalior@sbimf.com.GUNTUR : SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Brodipet
Branch, #4/11, Master Minds Building Brodipet, Guntur - 522002, Andhra Pradesh. Guna : SBI Funds
Management Limited, 156/1,Hanuman Colony Infront of IDBI Bank, AB Road, Guna -473001,Madhya Pradesh,
Phone no: 07542-462999 Email id: cs.guna@sbimf.com HYDERABAD: SBI Funds Management . Ltd., 1st
Floor, Shivalik Plaza, 8-2-629/K, Road Number 1, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad 500034, Telangana. Phone no:
8121018378 Email id: cs.banjara@sbimf.com HAMIRPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd , c/o State Bank of
India, Main Branch, Ist floor, Hamirpur – 177001, Himachal Pradesh. Phone no:01972-224799 Email id:
cs.hamirpur@sbimf.com. HALDIA: SBI Funds Management . Ltd. Akash Ganga Commercial Complex, 3rd Floor,
Manjushree, Village Basudevpur, Post Office – Khanjanchak, Police Station- Durgachak, Haldia - 721602,
Purba Medinipur Phone No: 9073641484 Email Id: cs.haldia@sbimf.com HALDWANI: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, Upper Ground Floor, Guru Nanak Tower, Durga City Center, Nainital Road, Haldwani - 263139
Uttarakhand, Tel:05946-220526/222925 Mobile No: 9412084061 / 9105562000 / 9105573000 Email ID:
cs.haldwani@sbiml.com. HAZARIBAGH : SBI Funds Management Ltd, Prabhu Niwas Market, AnandaChowk ,
Guru Govind Singh Road, Hazaribagh – 825301, Jharkhand. HASAN: 1st Floor, Sri Charana Complex, Above
SBI Main Branch, Behind Suvarna Residency, BM Road, Hassan - 573201.Phone No: 8976920387 Email Id:
cs.hassan@sbimf.comHISSAR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, 42,Red Square Market, Nr. Hotel Regency, Hisar
-125001, Haryana,, Tel: 01662 238415. HUBLI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, c/o: State Bank of India, Market
Branch, Laxmi Complex, Near Court Circle, Hubli-580029, Tel: 0836-2368477. HOSIHARPUR : SBI Funds
Management Limited Ground Floor, Opposite Green View Park Near SBI Main Branch, Hoshiarpur-146001
Email ID: cs.hoshiarpur@sbimf.com Phone No.: 01882-228415 INDORE:SBI Funds Management Ltd, 215-216
City Centre, 2nd floor,570 M.G. Road, Indore – 452001, Tel : 0731 -
2541141/4045944/4991080/4991081/4991082/4991083. IMPHAL : SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o State Bank
of India, Imphal Branch, M. G. Avenue, Imphal – 795001, Manipur. ITANAGAR : SBI Funds Management Ltd,
C/o State Bank of India, Personal Banking Branch, Ziro Point, Itanagar – 791111, Arunachal Pradesh.
JABALPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, G-2, Ground Floor, Rajleela Tower, Wright Town, Jabalpur – 482002,
Tel No.: 0761–2410042 .JAIPUR :SBI Funds Management Ltd, 1st Floor, SBI Tonk Road Branch, Near Times
of India Building,Tonk Road, Jaipur–302015, Tel : (0141) 2740016/2740061. JALANDHAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, SCO – 14, Ground Floor, P.U.D.A Complex Jalandhar – 144001. Email Id:
CS.Jalandhar@SBIMF.COM Phone No: 0181 - 2238415.JALGAON : SBI Funds Management Ltd., 2nd floor,
Opp. SBI Main Branch, Stadium Complex, JilhaPeth, Jalgaon - 425001, Maharashtra. JAMMU: First Floor, A1
North Block, Bahu Plaza, Jammu-180012 Phone No : 0191-2474975 Email ID : cs.jammu@sbimf.com
JAMMU: SBI FUNDS MANAGEMENT LIMITED 115, FIRST FLOOR, A 1 NORTH BLOCK, BAHU PLAZA,
JAMMU-180012 EMAIL ID: CS.JAMMU@SBIMF.COM PHONE NO.: 0191-2474975 JAMNAGAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, C/o SBI Ranjit Road Branch, Ranjit Road, Jamnagar,-361001, Tel: 0288-2660104.

--- PAGE 77 ---
KRISHNANAGAR: SBI Funds Management . Ltd.1st Floor, State Bank of India, Krishnagar Branch, Krishnagar,
Nadia, 5B, D.L. Roy Road, Krishnagar, West Bengal – 741101 Phone no: 9836037773 Email id:
isdkrishnanagar@sbimf.com KURNOOL : SBI Funds Management Ltd, Shop No 4,5 and 6,Ground Floor,
Skandanshi Vyapaar Opposite Old Ediga, New Bus Stand Road, Kurnool 518003, Andhra Pradesh Phone No:
08518-227776 Email Id: cs.naz@sbimf.com KALYAN : SBI Funds Management Limited, Shop No. 2, 3 & 4,
Shubham Apartment, Santoshi Mata Road, Kalyan (West)-421 301,ThaneTel: 0251-2311980 Email:
cs.kalyan@sbimf.com. KALYANI: B-9/277/(CA), 1st Floor, Kalyani, District Nadia, West Bengal - 741235, Tel:
033-25827700. KUMBAKONAM: SBI Funds Management Limited. Old Door No.73, New Door No.46,
Sarangapani South Street, Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu – 612 001. Phone No : 0435 2427426 Email Id :
Cs.kumbakonam@sbimf.com KOLLAM: 1st Floor, Shree Ganesh Arcade, Thamarakulam, Kollam – 691 001,
Phone No: +91 9136773494 Email: CS.Kollam@sbimf.com KORAMANGALA: C/o. State Bank of India,Start –
Up Hub Branch,#117, 1st Floor, 7th Block, Industrial Layout, Koramangala, Bengaluru - 560 095. Phone
No:9972302919 Email Id : CS.Koramangala@sbimf.com KASARAGOD : SBI Funds Management Limited,
Municipal Door No. KMC 6/1764P1764 V, First Floor,Aishwarya Arcade, Bank Road, Kasaragod, Kerala -671121,
Phone No: 04994-230350 Email Id : cs.kasaragod@sbimf.com KAITHAR: First Floor, Daulat Ram Chowk,
Near Rajshree Jeweller, Katihar – 854105, Bihar, Phone no: 6287042256, Email Id: cs.katihar@sbimf.com.
KATNI: Ground Floor, Jeevan Savitri Complex, Near Shree Hospital, Ward No 28, Bargwan Road, Bargwan
Road, Katni – 483501, Madhya Pradesh, Phone No: 07622-478774 / 6269111462, Email Id:
cs.katni@sbimf.com LATUR: Ground Floor, Shop No. 4, Omkar Complex, Khardekar Stop, Ausa Road, Latur –
413512.Phone no: 02382 - 299494 Email id: cs.latur@sbimf.com LUCKNOW :SBI Funds Management Ltd, G-
16, Kasmande House,2, Park Road, Hazratganj,Lucknow-226 001, Tel : (522) 2286741,2286742.LUCKNOW:
25 – B, Ashok Marg, Sikandar Bagh Crossing, Lucknow – 226 001, Uttar Pradesh. Contact No: 0522-2286742
Email ID: cs.lucknow@sbimf.com LUDHIANA :SBI Funds Management Ltd, SCO-124, Ground Floor, Feroze
Gandhi Market, Ludhiana - 141001, Phone No.: 0161-2449849, 0161-5058415. LEH : SBI Funds Management
Ltd, C/o State Bank Of India Fire & Fury Branch, Opp. Hall of Fame, Air Port Road Leh, Dust - Leh. – 194101,
Jammu & Kashmir. MAHABUBNAGAR: SBI Funds Management Limited Ground Floor - #10-5-83/2A, Sara
Complex, Mahabubnagar- 509001, Telangana Phone No: 08542 220091 Email Id:
cs.mahabubnagar@sbimf.com MADHAPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, 1st Floor, Shristi Tower, 1-98/2/11/3,
Arunodaya Colony, Madhapur, Opposite Karachi Bakery, Hyderabad – 500081, Telangana, Phone no: 040
23119010. MANCHERIAL: SBI Funds Management Limited. 1st Floor, House No. 12 -318 / 319, BPL 'X' Road,
Mancherial, Telangana - 504208. Phone No: 08736299994 Email ID: cs.mancherial@sbimf.com MATHURA:
Sangam Complex, 98-C Krishna Nagar,Mathura-281004,Uttar PradeshPhoneNo:8979636665 Email
Id: cs.mathura@sbimf.com MUMBAI : SBI Funds Management Limited. Unit No. 31, CR2 Mall, Plot no. 240 &
240A, Backbay Reclamation, Block no. III, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400021, Maharashtra. Email Id:
cs.mumbai@sbimf.com Phone No: 022 – 66532800. MADURAI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Ground Floor,
Surya Towers, 272, Good Shed Street, Madurai - 625001 Phone No: 0452 4374242 Email id:
cs.madurai@sbimf.com. MAPUSA: Shop no 9 & 10,Ground Floor, Garden Centre, Block A, Opposite Mapusa
Police station, Mapusa -403507, Goa. Phone No : 91 8669668965 Email Id : cs.mapusa@sbimf.com. MALDA:
SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o ArindamSarkar, Vivekananda Pally, Behind Fouzder Clinic, English Bazar,
Malda - 732101, West Bengal. MANDI: C/O State Bank of India, 2nd Floor, Near Gandhi Chowk, Teh Sadar-
Himachal Pradesh, Mandi -175001, Phone No.: 08894321280. MANGALURU: SBI Funds Management Limited
Ground Floor, Shop No.02,Door No.5-5-306/22(3), Prism Commercial Complex, PVS Kalakunja Road, M G Road
(Cross Road), Kodialbail, Mangaluru – 575003, Karnataka, Phone No.: +91 9108042463. Email Id:
cs.mangalore.sbimf.com MANINAGAR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, 3rd Floor, 301, Amruta Arcade, Above Jade
Blue, Opposite Jupiter House, Maninagar Cross Road, Maninagar, Ahmedabad – 380 008 Phone No: 079 –
48442929 Email Id: csmaninagar@sbimf.com MARGAO : SBI Funds Management Ltd, G1 & G2, Ground Floor,
Jivottam, Minguel Miranda Road, Off Abade Faria Road, Margao, Goa – 403601, Phone No: 0832-2725233 /
0832-2725234 Email Id:cs.margao@sbimf.com MEERUT: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Ground Floor, RS
Corporate House - A Plot No 229, Mangal Pandey Nagar, Near Bhagyashree Hospital, Opposite Broadway Inn
Hotel, Meerut- 250004, Uttar Pradesh, Phone No: 01214229616,8954891572, Email ID: cs.meerut@sbimf.com
MEHSANA : SBI Funds Management Ltd, Shop No. FF 56, Someshwar Mall, Modhera Road, Mehsana –
384002, Gujarat. MORADABAD: SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o SBI Main Branch, Civil Lines, Moradabad-
244001, Tel: (0591) 2411411. MOTIHARI: SBI Funds Management. Ltd.C/o State Bank of India, Chandmari
Branch, Near Petrol Pump, Chandmari, Motihari, East Champaran – 845401, Bihar MOHALI: SBI Funds

--- PAGE 82 ---
CAMS INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRES / CAMS TRANSACTION POINTS
AHMEDABAD: 303-304, 3rd floor, Marcado, Opp. Municipal Market, Near President, Hotel, C. G. Road,
Ahmedbad – 380 009, Gujarat. Phone No: 0790-69435600 Email ID: camsahm@camsonline.com .
AGARTALA: CAMS Service Centre. Nibedita, 1st Floor, JB Road Palace Compound, Agartala, Near Babuana
Tea and Snacks, Tripura West – 799001. Phone No: 9436761695 , 0381-2323009 Email id:
camsaga@camsonline.com. AGRA: No. 8, II Floor, Maruti Tower, Sanjay Place, Agra-282002, Tel: 0562-324
2267. AHMEDNAGAR: B, 1+3, Krishna Enclave Complex, Near Hotel Natraj, Nagar- Aurangabad Road,
Ahmednagar -414 001, Tel: 241-6450282. AJMER: AMC No. 423/30, Near Church, Brahampuri,Opp T B
Hospital, Jaipur Road, Ajmer-305001, Tel: 0145-329 2040. AKOLA :Opp. RLT Science College, Civil Lines,
Akola-444001, Tel: 724-3203830. ALIGARH: City Enclave, Opp. Kumar Nursing Home, Ramghat Road, Aligarh-
202001, Tel: 571-3200301. ALLAHABAD (PRAYAGRAJ):18/18A, FF-3, Gayatri Dham Milan Tower, MG Marg,
Civil Lines, Prayagraj-211001 Phone: - 9554800010 Email ID: camsall@camsonline.com . ALLEPPEY: Doctor’s
Tower Building, Door No. 14/2562, 1st floor, North of Iorn Bridge, Near Hotel Arcadia Regency, Alleppey-688011,
Tel: 477-3209718. ALWAR: 256A, Scheme No:1, Arya Nagar, Alwar-301001, Tel: 0144-3200451. AMARAVATI :
81, Gulsham Tower, 2nd Floor, Near Panchsheel Talkies, Amaravati-444601, Tel: 0721-329 1965. AMBALA:
Shop No.4250, Near B D Senior Secondary School, Ambala Cantt, Ambala – 133001, Haryana. Email id:
camsamb@camsonline.com AMRITSAR: 3rd Floor Bearing Unit no- 313, Mukut House, Amritsar –
143001.Email Id: camsamt@camsonline.com Phone No: 0183-5009990AMRELI: B1,1st Floor, Mira Arcode,
Library Road, Opp SBS Bank, Amreli-365601, Gujarat. Email: camsamre@camsonline.com Phone no: 02792-
220792 ANAND: 101, A.P. Tower, B/H, SardharGunj, Next to Nathwani Chambers, Anand-388001, Tel: 02692-
325071. ANANTAPUR: 15-570-33, I Floor, Pallavi Towers, Anantapur, Anantapur -515 001, Tel: 8554-326980,
326921. ANGUL: Similipada, Near Sidhi Binayak+2 Science College, Angul – 759122. ANDHERI : 351, Icon,
501, 5th floor, Western Express Highway, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400069, Tel: 7303923299. ANKLESHWAR:
Shop No - F -56, First Floor,Omkar Complex, Opp Old Colony,NrValia Char Rasta, GIDC, Ankleshwar- Bharuch
-393002, Tel: 02646-310207. ARAMBAGH: Mukherjee Building, First Floor, Beside MP Jewelers, Next to
Mannapuram Ward No 5 Link Road, Arambagh, Hoogly-712601,West Bengal, Phone no: 07548048948
Email id: camsabh@camsonline.com ARRAH: Old NCC Office, Ground Floor, Club Road, Arrah – 802301,
Email id: camsaar@camsonline.com. ASANSOL: Block – G 1st Floor, P C Chatterjee Market Complex,
RambandhuTalab P O Ushagram, Asansol-713303, Tel: 0341- 2316054. AURANGABAD : 2nd Floor, Block No.
D-21-D-22, Motiwala Trade Center, Nirala Bazar, New Samarth Nagar, Opposite HDFC Bank, Aurangabad –
431001, Tel: 0240-6450226. BAGALKOT: 1st floor, E Block Melligeri Towers, station road, Bagalkot-587101, Tel:
8354-225329. BAGALKOT: Shop No.02 1st Floor, Shreyas Complex, Near Old Bus Stand, Bagalkot-587101,
Karnataka. Email: camsbkt@camsonline.com Phone no: 8354-220909 BALASORE: B C Sen Road, Balasore-
756001, Tel: 06782-326808. BANGALORE: Trade Centre, 1st Floor, 45, Dikensen Road, (Next to Manipal
Centre), Bangalore-560 042, Tel: 080-3057 4709, 3057 4710, 30578004, 30578006. BANGALORE:First Floor,
17/1, (272), 12th Cross Road, Wilson Garden, Bangalore – 560027 Email: camsbwg@camsonline.com .Phone
no: 09513759058.BANKURA: 1stFloor, Central Bank Building, Machantala, Post Office & District Bankura, West
Bengal -722101. Email: camsbqa@camsonline.com Tel. no. 03242 - 252668. BAREILLY: D-61, Butler Plaza,
Civil Lines, Bareilly- 243001, Phone No.: 0581-6450121. BARASAT: N/39, K.N.C Road, 1st Floor, Shri krishna
Apartment, Behind HDFC Bank Barasat Branch, Post Office and Police Station Barasat, 24PGS (North), West
Bengal – 700124. Email Id: camsbrst@camsonline.com BARDOLI: F-10, First Wings, Desai Market, Gandhi
Road, Bardoli-394601. Gujarat. Email: camsbrd@camsonline.com Phone no: 08000791814 BALURGHAT:
Narayanpur, Near Balurghat Bus Stand, P.O & P.S – Balurghat, District Dakshin Dinajpur, West Bengal – 733101,
Phone No.: 0967901bori3116. BASTI: Office no 3, Ist Floor, Jamia Shopping Complex, (Opposite Pandey
School), Station Road, Basti-272002, Tel: 5542-327979. Basirhat : CAMS Service Center Apurba Market,
Ground Floor, Vill Mirjapur, Opposite Basirhat College, Post Office at Basirhat College, North Parganas 24,
Basirhat – 743412 BELGAUM: Classic Complex, Block no 104, 1st Floor, Saraf Colony, Khanapur Road,
Tilakwadi, Belgaum - 590 006, Phone No.: 09243689047. BELLARY: 18/47/A, Govind Nilaya, Ward No 20,
Sangankal Moka Road, Gandhinagar, Ballari - 583102 Email: camsbry@camsonline.com Phone no:
6361070264. BERHAMPUR: Kalika Temple Street, Besides SBI BAZAR Branch, Berhampur-760 002, Ganjam,
Odisha Tel: 9238120071.BHADRAK: Das & Das Complex, 1st Floor, By Pass Road, Opposite to Vishal Mega
Mart, Chhapulia, Bhadrak, Odisha – 756100 Phone No – 8093319512 E-mail Id- camsbrk@camsonline.com.
JEYPORE; SBI Funds Management Limited 1/2666, Infront of Sadar Thana, NH-26, Jagadhatripura, Jeypore,
District: Koraput - 764001, Odisha. Phone no: 06854451707 Email id: cs.jeypore@sbimf.com BHAGALPUR:

--- PAGE 83 ---
Ground Floor, Gurudwara Road, Near Old Vijaya Bank, Bhagalpur – 812001.Phone No: 9264499905email Id:
camsblp@camsonline.com. BHARUCH (PARENT: ANKLESHWAR TP): A-111, 1st First Floor, R K Casta, Behind
Patel Super Market, Station Road, Bharuch - 392001, Gujarat. Phone No: 098253 04183. BHATINDA: 2907
GH,GT Road, Near ZilaParishad, BHATINDA, BHATINDA-151001, Tel: 164-3204511. BHAVNAGAR: 501 – 503,
Bhayani Skyline, Behind Joggers Park, Atabhai Road, Bhavnagar-364002, Tel:0278-2225572, Email id:
camsbha@camsonline.com BHILAI: First Floor, Plot No. 3, Block No. 1, Priyadarshini Parisar West, Behind IDBI
Bank, Nehru Nagar, Bhilai-490020, Tel: 9203900630 / 9907218680. BHILWARA: Indraparstha tower, Second
floor, Shyamkisabjimandi, Near Mukharji garden, Bhilwara-311001, Tel: 01482-231808, 321048. BHOPAL: Plot
no 10, 2nd Floor, Alankar Complex, Near ICICI Bank, MP Nagar, Zone II, Bhopal-462011, Tel: 0755-329 5873.
BHUBANESWAR: Plot No - 111, Varaha Complex Building, 3rd Floor, Station Square, KharvelNagar,Unit 3,
Bhubaneswar-751 001, Tel: 0674-325 3307, 325 3308. BHUJ: Tirthkala First Floor, Opp. BMCB Bank, New
Station Road, Bhuj, Kachchh – 370001, Gujarat Phone No: 02832-45031 Email: camsbuj@camsonline.com
BHUSAWAL (PARENT: JALGAON TP): 3, Adelade Apartment, ChristainMohala, Behind Gulshan-E-Iran Hotel,
Amardeep Talkies Road, Bhusawal, Bhusawal-425201, BIHAR:. C/O Muneshwar Prasad, Sibaji Colony, SBI
Main Branch Road, Near Mobile Tower, Purnea - 854301, Bihar.E-mail- camspna@camsonline.com BIHAR
SHARIF : R&C Palace, Amber Station Road, Opp. Mamta Complex, BiharSharif-803101, Nalanda, Tel no.-
06112–235054 BIJAPUR: 1st floor, Gajanan Complex, Azad Road, Bijapur-586101, Tel: 8352-259520.
BIJAPUR: Padmasagar Complex,1st floor, 2nd Gate, Ameer Talkies Road, Vijayapur – 586101, Bijapur Phone
No: 083 52259520. Email Id: camsbij@camsonline.com. BIKANER: Behind Rajasthan patrika, In front of Vijaya
Bank,1404, Amar Singh Pura, Bikaner-334001, Tel: 9214245819. BILASPUR: Shop No. B - 104, First Floor,
Narayan Plaza, Link Road, Bilaspur - 495001, Chattisgarh, Tel: 9203900626. BOHOROMPUR: 107/1, A C Road,
Ground Floor, Bohorompur, Murshidabad, West Bengal – 742103.West Bengal. Tel: 08535855998 BOKARO:
1st Floor, Plot No. HE-7 City Centre, Sector 4, Bokaro Steel City, Bokaro- 827004, Jharkhand, India, Tel: 06542
– 359182 Email Id:camsbkr@camsonline.com BONGAIGAON: G.N.B.Road, Bye Lane, Prakash Cinema,PO &
Dist. Bongaigaon-783380, Assam.Email: camsbon@camsonline.com Phone no: 03664-230008 BOLPUR:
Room No. FB26, 1st Floor, Netaji Market, Bolpur, West Bengal – 731204, Phone No.: 09800988054. BORIVALI:
501 -Tiara CTS 617, 617/1-4, Off Chandavarkar Lane, Maharashtra Nagar, Borivali West, Mumbai -400092.
Email ID: camsbor@camsonline.com Phone No.: 022 – 28900132. BURDWAN: 399, G T Road, Basement,Talk
of the Town, Burdwan - 713101, West Bengal, Tel: 0342- 3551397,Email ID- camsbdw@camsonline.com
CALICUT: 29/97G 2nd Floor, Gulf Air Building, Mavoor Road, Arayidathupalam, Calicut-673016, Tel: 0495-325
5984. CHAIBASA : CAMS Service Centre Gram - Gutusahi under the Nimdih Panchayat, Post office Chaibasa,
Muffasil Thana, District - West Singhbhum, Jharkhand - 833201.Email ID - camscbsa@camsonline.com Phone
No - 9437340883 CHANDIGARH: Deepak Tower, SCO 154-155,1st Floor, Sector 17-C, Chandigarh-160 017,
Tel: 0172-304 8720, 304 8721, 304 8722, 3048723. CHANDRAPUR: Opposite Mustafa Décor,Near Bangalore
Bakery, Kasturba Road, Chandrapur-442402, Tel: 7172-253108. CHENNAI: Ground Floor No.178/10,
Kodambakkam High Road, Opp. Hotel Palmgrove, Nungambakkam, Chennai-600 034, Tel: 044-39115 561,
39115 562, 39115 563, 39115 565. CHENNAI:Rayala Towers, 158, Anna Salai, Chennai – 600002 Tel: 044
30407236. CHENNAI: III Floor, B R Complex, No.66, Door No. 11A, Ramakrishna Iyer Street, Opp. National
Cinema Theatre, West Tambaram, Chennai – 600 045. Email: camstam@camsonline.com Phone no: 044-
22267030 / 29850030. CHHINDWARA: Shop No. 01, Near Puja Lawn, Parasia Road, Chhindwara - 480 001,
Madhya Pradesh, Tel No: 9203900507. CHIDAMBARAM: Shop No. 1 & 2,saradaram complex door no 6-7,
Theradikadai street, Chidambaram, Chidambaram-608001, Tel: 4144-221746. CHITTORGARH: 3 Ashok Nagar,
Near Heera Vatika, Chittorgarh -312001, Tel: 1472-324810. COCHIN: Ittoop’s Imperial Trade Center, Door No.
64/5871 – D, 3rd Floor, M. G. Road (North), Cochin-682 035, Tel: 0484-323 4658. Cochin: Modayil Building,Door
No. 39/2638 DJ,2nd Floor, 2A, M. G. Road,Cochin – 682 016 COIMBATORE: No 1334; Thadagam Road,
Thirumoorthy Layout, R.S. Puram, Behind Venkteswara Bakery, Coimbatore – 641002, Tel: 0422-2434355/53.
COOCHBEHAR: S. N. ROAD, BYE LANE, BADUR BAGAN, NEAR GOURI SHANKAR, COOCHBEHAR –
736101, West Bengal. Phone No.: 03582-226739. Email ID: camschb@camsonline.com CUTTACK: Near Indian
Overseas Bank, Cantonment Road, Mata Math, Cuttack-753001. DARBHANGA: Ground Floor, Shyam Kunj, 2-
Girindra Mohan Road, Near Radio Station, Darbhanga-846004 Bihar,Tel: 06272245004, Email ID:
CS.Darbhanga@sbimf.com, DAVENEGERE: 13, Ist Floor, AkkamahadeviSamaj Complex, Church Road,
P.J.Extension, Devengere-577002, Tel: 08192-326226. DEHRADUN: 204/121 NariShilpMandirMarg, Old
Connaught Place, Dehradun-248001, Tel: 0135-325 8460. DEOGHAR: S S M Jalan Road, Ground floor, Opp.
Hotel Ashoke, Caster Town, Deoghar-814112, Tel: 6432-320227. DEWAS: 11 Ram Nagar - 1st Floor, A. B. Road,

--- PAGE 84 ---
Near Indian- Allahabad Bank, Dewas –455001, Madhya Pradesh. Phone No: 07272 – 403382 Email Id:
camsdew@camsonline.comDHANBAD: Urmila Towers, Room No: 111(1st Floor), Bank More, Dhanbad-826001,
Tel: 0326-2304675. DHARMAPURI :16A/63A, Pidamaneri Road, Near Indoor Stadium, Dharmapuri, Dharmapuri
-636 701, Tel: 4342-310304. DHULE: House No. 3140, Opp Liberty Furniture, Jamnalal Bajaj Road, Near Tower
Garden, Dhule – 424001, Tel No: 02562 – 640272. DIBRUGARH: Amba Complex,Ground Floor,H S
Road,Dibrugarh-786001. DIMAPUR: MM Apartment,House No; 436 (Ground Floor), Dr. Hokeshe Sema Road,
Near Bharat Petroleum, Lumthi Colony, Opposite T.K Complex, Dimapur – 797112, Nagaland Email:
camsdmv@camsonline.com.DURGAPUR: Plot No. 3601, Nazrul Sarani, City Centre, Durgapur-713 216, Tel:
0343-2545420/30. DWARKA: SBI Funds Management Limited, Plot No. 447, 2nd Floor, Sector - 19, Dwarka
– 110075, Delhi. Phone no: 9999379462 Landline: 011- 42670074 Email id: cs.dwarka@sbimf.com
ELURU: 22B-3-9, Karl Marx Street, Powerpet, Eluru, Andhra Pradesh - 534002. Tel: 08812 – 231381 ERODE:
197, Seshaiyer Complex, Agraharam Street, Erode-638001, Tel: 0424-320 7730. FAIZABAD: 9/1/51, Rishi Tola,
Fatehganj, Ayodhya, Faizabad Uttar Pradesh–22400, Email Id: camsfzd@camsonline.com FARIDHABAD:
LG3, SCO 12 Sector 16, Behind Canara Bank, Faridabad – 121002 Phone No: 0129-4320372 Email id:
camsfdb@camsonline.com FIROZABAD: First Floor, Adjacent to Saraswati Shishu Mandir School, Gaushala,
Near UPPCL Sub Station,(Gandhi Park), Company Bagh, Chauraha, Firozabad – 283203,Email Id:
camsfrz@camsonline.com GANDHIDHAM: Shyam Sadan, First Floor, Plot No 120,Sector 1/A, Gandhidham -
370201 Phone No: 02836 233220 Email Id: camsgdm@camsonline.com. GANDHINAGAR: M-12 Mezzanine
Floor, Suman Tower, Sector 11, Gandhinagar – 382011. Tel: 079-23240170. GANGTOK: House No: GTK
/006/D/20(3), Near Janata Bhawan, Diesel Power House Road (D.P.H. Road), Gangtok - 737101, Sikkim. Phone
No: 03592-202562 Email: camsgtka@camsonline.com GAYA: C/O Sri Vishwanath Kunj, Ground Floor, Tilha
Mahavir Asthan, Gaya – 823001.Phone No: 9472179424 Email Id: camsgaya@camsonline.com GHAZIABAD:
First Floor C - 10 RDC Rajnagar, Opposite Kacheri Gate No.2 Ghaziabad – 201002.Phone No: 0120 – 6510540
Email Id: camsgha@camsonline.comGOA: Lawande Sarmalkar Bhavan, 1st Floor, Office No. 2 Next to
Mahalaxmi Temple, Panaji, Goa - 403 001, Tel: 0832- 6450439. GODHRA: 1st Floor, Prem Praksh Tower, B/H
B.N.Chambers, Ankleshwar Mahadev Road, Godhra – 389001, Gujarat Email: camsgdh@camsonline.com
Phone no: 08000724711GONDAL (PARENT RAJKOT): A/177, Kailash Complex, Opp. Khedut Decor,
GONDAL-360 311, Tel: 0281-329 8158. GORAKHPUR: Shop No. 3, Second Floor, The Mall, Cross Road, A.D.
Chowk, Bank Road, Gorakhpur-273001, Tel: 0551-329 4771. GORAKHPUR : CAMS SERVICE CENTRE UNIT
NO-115, FIRST FLOOR, VIPUL AGORA BUILDING, SECTOR-28, MEHRAULI GURGAON ROAD, CHAKKAR
PUR GURGAON - 122001 EMAIL ID: CAMSGUR@CAMSONLINE.COM PHONE NO: 0124-4048022
GREATER NOIDA: SBI Funds Management Limited, Tradex Tower No.1, Ground Floor, Shop No. G11 &
G12, Plot No. 3B, Alpha Commercial Belt, Sector Alpha- 1, Greater Noida – 201308, Uttar Pradesh Phone
no: 9717728766 Email id: cs.greaternoida@sbimf.com GULBARGA: Pal Complex, Ist Floor, Opp. City Bus
Stop, Super Market, Gulbarga, Gulbarga-585 101, Tel: 8472-310119. GUNTUR: Door No 5-38-44, 5/1
BRODIPET, Near Ravi Sankar Hotel, Guntur-522002, Tel: 0863-325 2671. GURGAON: UNIT NO-115, First
Floor, Vipul Agora Building, Sector-28, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Chakkar Pur Gurgaon – 122001 Email
Id:camsgur@camsonline.com Phone No.0124-4048022. GUWAHATI: Piyali Phukan Road, K. C. Path, House
No – 1, Rehabari, Guwahati – 781008, Phone No.: 07896035933. GWALIOR: G-6 Global Apartment,
KailashVihar Colony, Opp. Income Tax Office, City Centre, Gwalior-474002, Tel: 0751-320 2311. HALDIA: 2nd
Floor, New Market Complex, 2nd Floor, New Market Complex, Durgachak Post Office,PurbaMedinipur District,
Haldia, Haldia-721 602, Tel: 3224-320273. HALDWANI: Durga City Centre, Nainital Road, Haldwani, Haldwani
-263139, Tel: 5946-220526/222925 Emai: cs.haldwani@sbimf.com. HARIDWAR: F – 3, Hotel Shaurya, New
Model Colony, Haridwar, Uttarkhand – 249408, Email id: camshwr@camsonline.com. HASSAN: Vidya Bhavan
Building, 1st Floor, Old Bus Stand Road. Hassan-573201Karranataka. Email: camshas@camsonline.com Phone
no: 08172-456301HAZARIBAG: Municipal Market, AnnandaChowk, Hazaribagh, Hazaribagh-825301, Tel:
6546-320250. HIMMATNAGAR: Unit No. 326, Third Floor, One World-1,Block-A,Himmatnagar-
383001,Gujarat,Phone No: 02772244332,Email id:camshim@camsonline.com HISAR: 12, Opp. Bank of
Baroda, Red Square Market, Hisar, Hisar-125001, Tel: 1662-329580. HOSHIARPUR :NearArchies Gallery,
Shimla PahariChowk, Hoshiarpur, Hoshiarpur-146 001, Tel: 1882-321082. HOSUR:No.9/2, 1st Floor,Attibele
Road, HCF Post,Behind RTO Office, Mathigiri, Hosur – 635110,Tel: 04344-645010. HUBLI: No.204 - 205, 1st
Floor, ‘ B ‘ Block, Kundagol Complex, Opp. Court, Club Road, Hubli-580029, Tel: 0836-329 3374. HYDERABAD:
208, II Floor, Jade Arcade, Paradise Circle, Secunderabad-500 003, Tel: 040-3918 2471, 3918 2473, 3918 2468,
3918 2469. INDORE: 101, Shalimar Corporate Centre, 8-B, South tukogunj, Opp.Greenpark, Indore-452 001,

--- PAGE 85 ---
Tel: 0731-325 3692, 325 3646. Ichalkaranji ; 12/179, Bairagdar Building, Behind Congress Committee Office,
Ichalkaranji. – 416115, Maharashtra. Phone No. 8830989955 Email Id: camsich@camsonline.com JABALPUR:
8, Ground Floor, Datt Towers, Behind Commercial Automobiles, Napier Town, Jabalpur-482001, Tel: 0761-329
1921. JAIPUR: R-7, YudhisthirMarg, C-Scheme, Behind Ashok Nagar Police Station, Jaipur-302 001, Tel: 0141-
326 9126, 326 9128, 5104373, 5104372. JALANDHAR: 144, Vijay Nagar, Near Capital Small Finance
Bank,Football Chowk, Jalandhar City – 144001 Phone No: 0181 – 2452336 Email Id: camsjal@camsonline.com
JALGAON: RustomjiInfotech Services, 70, Navipeth, Opp. Old Bus Stand, Jalgaon-425001, Tel: 0257-3207118.
JALNA : Shop No 6, Ground Floor, Anand Plaza Complex, Bharat Nagar,ShivajiPutla Road, Jalna, Jalna-431
203, Tel: - JALPAIGURI : Babu Para, Beside Meenaar Apartment, Ward No VIII, Kotwali Police Station, Post
Office & District : Jalpaigur – 735101, West Bengal. JAMMU: JRDS Heights, Lane Opp. S&S Computers, Near
RBI Building, Sector 14, Nanak Nagar, Jammu-180004, Tel: 09205432061, 2432601. JAMNAGAR: 217/218,
Manek Centre, P.N. Marg, Jamnagar-361008, Tel: 0288-3206200. JAMSHEDPUR: Tee Kay Corporate Towers,
Third Floor, S B Shop Area, Main Road, Bistupur, Jamshedpur-831001, Jharkhand, Tel: 0657-2320015, Email
id: camsjpr@camsonline.com JAUNPUR :248, FORT ROAD, Near AMBER HOTEL, Jaunpur -222001, Tel:
5452-321630. JHANSI: 372/18 D, 1st Floor, Above IDBI Bank, Beside V-Mart, Near "RASKHAN", Gwalior Road,
Jhansi – 284001, Tel: 9235402124/ 7850883325. JODHPUR: 1/5, Nirmal Tower, IstChopasani Road, Jodhpur-
342003, Tel: 0291-325 1357. JORHAT: Jail road, Dholasatra,Near Jonaki Shangha Vidyalaya,Post Office –
Dholasatra, Jorhat – 785001, Assam, Tel : 0376-2932558. JORHAT: Singh building, Ground Floor, C/o-
Prabhdeep Singh, Punjabi Gali, Opposite V-mart, Gar Ali, PO & PS, Jorhat – 785 001, Assam. Phone No:
7086113787, Email id: camsjor@camsonline.com JUNAGADH: “AASTHA PLUS”, 202-A, 2nd floor, Sardarbag
road, Near Alkapuri, Opp. Zansi Rani Statue, Junagadh – 362001, Gujarat, Tel: 0285-6540002. KALYAN: CAMS
Service Centre. Office No 413, 414, 415, 4th Floor, Seasons Business Centre, Opposite KDMC (Kalyan Dombivli
Municipal Corporation), Shivaji Chowk, Kalyan West – 421 301. Email id: camskyn@camsonline.com KADAPA:
D.No: 3/2151/2152, Shop No: 4, Near Food Nation, Raja Reddy Street, Kadapa – 516 001, Andhra Pradesh ,
Tel: : 08562-248695 Email: camskdp@camsonline.com . KANGRA: Collage Road, Kangra, District Kangra-
176001, Himachal Pradesh.Email: camskan@camsonline.com Phone no:01892-260089 KAKINADA: D No-25-
4-29,1st floor, Kommireddy Vari Street, Beside Warf Road, Opposite Swathi Medicals, Kakinada - 533001,
Andhra Pradesh, Phone No.: 0884-6560102. KANNUR: Room No.14/435, Casa Marina Shopping Centre, Talap,
Kannur, Kannur-670004, Tel: 497-324 9382. KANPUR: I Floor 106 to 108, CITY CENTRE Phase II, 63/ 2, THE
MALL, Kanpur-208 001, Tel: 0512-3918003, 3918000, 3918001, 3918002. KARIMNAGAR: HNo.7-1-257,
Upstairs S B H, Mangammathota, Karimnagar, Karimnagar -505 001, Tel: 878-3205752, 3208004. KARNAL 29,
Avtar Colony,Behind Vishal Mega Mart, Karnal – 132001, KARUR: No. A5 75/1, Vaiyapuri Nagar, 2nd Cross,
Karur -639 002, Tamil Nadu., Tel: 4324-311329, E-mail – camskar@camsonline.com . KASARAGOD : KMC
XXV/88, I, 2nd Floor, Stylo Complex, Above Canara Bank, Bank Road, Kasaragod – 671121. Tel: 04994-224326
KASHIPUR: Dev Bazar, Bazpur Road, Kashipur-244713 Email:camskpv@camsonline.com KATNI: 1st FLOOR,
GURUNANAK DHARMAKANTA, Jabalpur Road, BARGAWAN, KATNI-483 501, Tel: 7622-322104. KATIHAR:
C/o, Rice Education and IT Centre, Near Wireless Gali, Amla Tola Road, Katihar, Bihar – 854105. E-mail -
camskir@camsonline.com KESTOPUR: S.D. Tower, Sreeparna Apartment, AA-101, Prafulla Kannan (West),
Shop No. 1M, Block –C (Ground Floor), Kestopur – 700101, Kolkata. KHAMMAM : Shop No: 11 - 2 - 31/3, 1st
floor, Philips Complex, Balajinagar, Wyra Road, Near Baburao Petrol Bunk, KHAMMAM-507 001, Tel: 8742-
323973. KHARAGPUR: Silver Palace, OT Road, Inda-Kharagpur, G.P-Barakola, P.S- Kharagpur Local –
721305, District West Midnapore, Phone No.: 9800456034. KOLHAPUR: 2 B, 3rd Floor, Ayodhya Towers,
Station Road, Kolhapur-416001, Tel: 0231-3209 356. KOLKATA:CAMS COLLECTION CENTER 3/1, R.N.
Mukherjee Road, 3rd Floor, Office space -3C, “Shreeram Chambers” Kolkata -700 001. KORBA: KH. No.
183/2G, Opposite Blue Diamond The Hotel, T.P. Nagar, Korba, 495677 Chhattisgarh. Phone No: 7759 356037
Email id: camskrba@camsonline.com KOTA: B-33 ‘KalyanBhawan, Triangle Part, Vallabh Nagar, Kota-324007,
Tel: 0744-329 3202. KOTTAYAM: Thamarapallil Building, Door No - XIII/658, M L Road, Near KSRTC Bus Stand
Road, Kottayam – 686001, Phone No.: 9207760018. KRISHNANAGAR: R.N Tagore Road,In front of Kotwali P.
S.,Krishnanagar, Nadia.Pin-741101 KUMBAKONAM: No. 28/8, 1st Floor, Balakrishna Colony, Pachaiappa
Street, Near VPV Lodge, Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu - 612001. Email ID: camskum@camsonline.com Phone
No.: 0435-2403747 KURNOOL: Shop Nos. 26 and 27, Door No. 39/265A and 39/265B, Second Floor, Skanda
Shopping Mall, Old Chad Talkies, Vaddageri,39th Ward, Kurnool - 518001, Andhra Pradesh. Tel: 08518-650391.
KUKATPALLY: No. 15-31-2M-1/4, 1st Floor, 14-A, MIG, KPHB Colony, Kukatpally, Hyderabad – 500072.
LATUR: Shop No. 5 & 6 B2B Elite, Ground Floor, Near Deshikendra School, Signal Camp, Latur, 413512,