--- PAGE 1 ---
SCHEME INFORMATION DOCUMENT
SECTION I
This product is suitable
Benchmark Riskometer
for investors who are Scheme Riskometer
seeking*: BSE 500 TRI
 Long term capital
appreciation.
 Investments in a
diversified basket of
equity stocks spanning
the entire market
capitalization spectrum
to provide both long
term growth
opportunities and
liquidity.
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Continuous offer for Units at NAV based prices
Mutual Fund Trustee Company Asset Management Company
SBI Mutual Fund SBI Mutual Fund Trustee SBI Funds Management Limited
Company Private Limited ('AMC')
('Trustee Company') (A joint venture between SBI and
CIN: AMUNDI)
U65991MH2003PTC138496 CIN: U65990MH1992PLC065289
Corporate Office Registered Office: Registered Office:
9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 38 & 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 38 & 39, G
38 & 39, G Block, Bandra- 39, G Block, Bandra-Kurla, Block, Bandra-Kurla, Complex, Bandra
Kurla, Complex, Bandra Complex, Bandra (East), (East), Mumbai- 400 051
(East), Mumbai- 400 051 Mumbai- 400 051
www.sbimf.com
The particulars of the Scheme have been prepared in accordance with the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, (herein after referred to as SEBI (MF)
Regulations) as amended till date and circulars issued thereunder filed with SEBI, along with
a Due Diligence Certificate from the AMC. The units being offered for public subscription have not
been approved or recommended by SEBI nor has SEBI certified the accuracy or adequacy of the
Scheme Information Document.
The Scheme Information Document sets forth concisely the information about the scheme that a
prospective investor ought to know before investing. Before investing, investors should also ascertain
about any further changes to this Scheme Information Document after the date of this Document from
1

--- PAGE 3 ---
Part I. HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME
Sr. No. Title Description
I. Name of the scheme SBI Flexicap Fund
II. Category of the Scheme Flexi Cap Fund
III. Scheme type An open-ended dynamic equity scheme investing across large cap, mid
cap, small cap stocks.
IV. Scheme code SBIM/O/E/FCF/05/07/0026
V. Investment objective The investment objective of the scheme is to provide investors with
opportunities for long-term growth in capital along with the liquidity of an
open-ended scheme through an active management of investments in
a diversified basket of equity stocks spanning the entire market
capitalization spectrum and in debt and money market instruments.
However, there is no guarantee or assurance that the investment
objective of the scheme will be achieved. The scheme doesn’t assure
or guarantee any returns.
VI. Liquidity/listing details The scheme being offered is an open ended scheme and will provide
redemption / switch facility to investor on every business day at
applicable NAV subject to prevailing exit load
VII. Benchmark (Total Return The scheme would be benchmarked against the BSE 500 Index TRI.
Index)
The composition of the aforesaid benchmark is such that it is most
suited for comparing performance of the scheme.
The Trustees reserves the right to change the benchmark in future if a
benchmark better suited to the investment objective of the scheme is
available.
VIII. NAV disclosure 11.00 p.m. on same business day
10:00 a.m. on following business day – In case the scheme invests in
foreign securities
For further details, please refer to Section II.
IX. Applicable timelines Timeline for
• Dispatch of redemption proceeds - 3 working days from the date
of redemption or repurchase (under normal circumstances)
• Dispatch of IDCW (if applicable) - Within 7 working days from
the record date.
3

--- PAGE 4 ---
X. Plans and Options The Scheme has Regular Plan and Direct plan. Both plans have Growth
Plans/Options and sub & IDCW options. IDCW option has IDCW-Reinvestment, IDCW- Payout
options under the Scheme & Transfer facilities.
For detailed disclosure on default plans and options, kindly refer SAI.
XI. Load Structure Entry Load – Not applicable
Exit Load -
 Exit Load – For exit on or before 30 days from the date of allotment
0.10%
 For exit after 30 days from the date of allotment - Nil
The AMC reserves the right to modify / change the load structure on a
prospective basis.
XII. Minimum Application Rs. 1000/- & in multiples of Re.1.
Amount/switch in
Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI Funds
Management Limited in terms of paragraph 6.10 of the SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, requirement for
minimum application/ redemption amount will not be applicable
Rs. 1000/- & in multiples of Re.1
XIII. Minimum Additional
Purchase Amount
XIV. Minimum Rs. 500/- or 1 Magnum / unit or account balance whichever is lower.
Redemption/switch out
amount Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI Funds
Management Limited in terms of paragraph 6.10 of the SEBI Master
circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, requirement for
minimum application/ redemption amount will not be applicable
XV. New Fund Offer Period Not applicable
This is the period during
which a new scheme
sells its units to the
investors.
XVI. New Fund Offer Price: Not applicable
This is the price per unit
that the investors have to
pay to invest during the
NFO.
XVII. Segregated The scheme doesn’t have provision for segregated portfolio.
portfolio/side pocketing For Details, kindly refer SAI
disclosure
XVIII Swing pricing disclosure The Scheme doesn’t have a provision for swing pricing. For Details,
kindly refer SAI
XIX. Stock lending/short The Scheme will not engage in Stock lending/short selling.
selling
XX. How to Apply and other Investors are advised to refer SAI & application form for instructions
details Please note that Applications complete in all respects together with
necessary remittance may be submitted before the closing of the offer at
4

--- PAGE 5 ---
any OPAT of SBIMF as may be designated by AMC. The application
amount in cheque shall be payable to “SBI Flexicap Fund” The
Cheques should be payable at the Centre where the application is
lodged. No outstation cheques or stock invests will be accepted.
Investors are requested to note that application form is available with
Investor Service Centres(ISCs)/Official Points of Acceptance (OPAs)
of SBI Mutual Fund or can be downloaded from
https://www.sbimf.com/forms. The list of the Investor Service Centres
(ISCs)/Official Points of Acceptance (OPAs) is also available on
https://www.sbimf.com/contact-us.
Further, pursuant to AMFI Best Practice Guidelines Circular dated
January 31, 2025, financial transactions received through email in
respect of non-individual investors will be accepted subject to terms and
conditions.
For details kindly refer section II.
XXI. Investor services Details of Investor Relations Officer of the AMC:
Name: Mr. C A Santosh
Address: SBI Funds Management Ltd.,
Investor Relations Officer)
Address: 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 38 & 39, G Block, Bandra-Kurla,
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051
Telephone number: 022 61793537
Fax: 022- 67425687
e-mail: customer.delight@sbimf.com
XXII Specific attribute of the Not applicable
scheme (such as lock
in, duration in case of
target maturity
scheme/close ended
schemes) (as
applicable)
XXIII Special product/facility Systematic Investment Plan
available on ongoing
basis For investors, the fund offers a Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) at
all our Official point of acceptance of SBI MF’s locations. Under this
Facility, an investor can invest a fixed amount per frequency. This
facility will help the investor to average out their cost of investment
over a period of six months or one year and thus overcome the short-
term fluctuations in the market.
The Scheme offers Daily, weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual
and Annual Systematic Investment Plan.
Under SWP, a minimum amount of Rs. 500/- can be withdrawn every
month or quarter or weekly or half yearly or on an annual basis by
indicating in the application form or by issuing advance instructions to
the Registrar at any time. Investors may indicate the month and year
from which SWP should commence along with the frequency. SWP
can be processed on any day of the month in case of all the other
5

--- PAGE 6 ---
frequencies other than weekly SWP and 1st / 8th / 15th / 22nd of every
month in case of Weekly SWP ( Date based feature) and payment
would be credited to the registered bank mandate account of the
investor through Direct Credit or cheques would be issued. In case
any of these days is a non-business day then the immediately next
business day will be considered.
Systematic Transfer Plan
Systematic Transfer Plan is a combination of systematic withdrawal
from one scheme and systematic investment into another scheme.
Therefore the minimum amount of withdrawals applicable under SWP
would be applicable to STP also. Similarly the minimum investments
applicable for each scheme under SIP would be applicable to STP.
The complete application form for enrolment / termination for STP
should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to the desired
commencement/ termination date. STP facility would allow investors
to transfer a predetermined amount or units from one scheme of the
Mutual Fund to the other. The transfer would be effected on any
business day as decided by the investor at the time of opting for this
facility. STP would be permitted for a minimum period of six months
between two schemes. The transfer would be affected on the same
date of every month (or on the subsequent business day, if the date
of first transfer is a holiday) on which the first transfer was affected.
STP can be terminated by giving advance notice to the Registrars.
Switchover facility
Unit holders under the scheme will have the facility of switchover
between the two Options in the scheme at NAV. Switchover between
this scheme and other scheme of the Mutual Fund would be at NAV
related prices. Switchovers would be at par with redemption from the
outgoing option/Plan/scheme and would attract the applicable tax
provisions and load at the time of switchover.
For further details of above special products / facilities, For Details,
kindly refer SAI.
XXIV. Weblink Weblink in TER for last 6 months, Daily TER as well as scheme
factsheet shall be made available.
TER for last 6 months/ Daily TER:
https://www.sbimf.com/total-expense-ratio
Scheme factsheet
https://www.sbimf.com/factsheets
6

--- PAGE 8 ---
Part II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME
A. HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSETS?
Under normal circumstances, the asset allocation pattern will be:
Asset Allocation
Instruments Min Max
Equity and equity related instruments (including
65% 100%
derivatives)
Units issued by REIT/InVIT* 0% 10%
Debt instruments (including securitized debt^,
0% 35%
structured obligations and credit enhancements#)
Money market instruments** 0% 35%
**Money Market Instruments will include Commercial Paper, Certificates of Deposit, Treasury Bills, Bills
Rediscounting, Repos, short term bank deposits, short-term Government securities (of maturities less than
1 year) and any other such short-term instruments as may be allowed under the regulations prevailing from
time to time.
*The exposure will be in line with SEBI/AMFI limits specified from time to time
^ The exposure shall not exceed 50% of debt portfolio of the scheme
# The exposure shall not exceed 10% of the debt portfolio of the scheme and the group exposure shall not
exceed 5% of the debt portfolio of the scheme and will be in line with SEBI/AMFI limits specified from time to
time
 The scheme may engage in stock lending - upto 20% of the net assets of the scheme
 Exposure to derivatives instruments (including writing covered call options) to the extent of 50% of the
Net Assets as permitted by SEBI. The cumulative gross exposure through Equity and equity related
instruments including derivative position, debt, Money Market Instruments will not exceed 100% of the
net assets of the scheme.
 The Scheme may seek investment opportunities in foreign securities including ADRs / GDRs / Foreign
equity, overseas ETFs and debt securities subject to the Regulations. Such investment shall not exceed
35% of the net assets of the Scheme.
 The Scheme may invest in repo in corporate debt upto 10% of the net assets of the Scheme and will be
in line with SEBI/AMFI limits specified from time to time.
 The scheme may invest in Mutual Fund units including ETFs to the extent of 35% of net assets. This
investment is subject to prevailing regulatory limits of aggregate inter-scheme investment made by all
schemes under the same management or in schemes under the management of any other asset
management company which shall not exceed 5% of the net asset value of the mutual fund.
Pursuant to paragraph 12.19.1.3(c) of SEBI’s Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, on an
ongoing basis the scheme will have an investment headroom of 20% of the average AUM in Overseas
securities / Overseas ETFs of the previous three calendar months for that month to invest in Overseas
securities / Overseas ETFs subject to maximum limits.
The cumulative gross exposure through equity, debt, derivative positions (including commodity and fixed
income derivatives), repo transactions and credit default swaps in corporate debt securities, Real Estate
Investment Trusts (REITs), Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs), other permitted securities/assets and
such other securities/assets as may be permitted by the Board from time to time should not exceed 100%
of the net assets of the scheme in accordance with paragraph 12.24 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual
funds. However, pursuant to paragraph 12.25 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Funds dated June 27,
8

--- PAGE 9 ---
2024 and SEBI letter no. SEBI/ HO/ IMD – II/ DOF3 / OW/ P/ 2021/ 31487/ 1 dated November 3, 2021
addressed to AMFI, it has been mentioned that cash or cash equivalents like Government securities, T-Bills
and repo on Government Securities with residual maturity of less than 91 days may be treated as not
creating any exposure
Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI circulars)
Sl. Type of Instrument Percentage of exposure Circular references*
no
1 Securitized debt The exposure shall not exceed Clause 12.15 of SEBI Master
50% of debt portfolio of the Circular dated June 27, 2024
scheme
2 Structured The exposure shall not exceed Chapter 12 of SEBI master
obligations and credit 10% of the debt portfolio of the circular dated June 27, 2024
enhancements scheme and the group
exposure shall not exceed 5%
of the debt portfolio of the
scheme and will be in line with
SEBI/AMFI limits specified
from time to time
3 Stock lending upto 20% of the net assets of Para 12.11 of SEBI Master
the scheme Circular for Mutual Funds as
amended from time to time.
4 Derivatives 50% of the Net Assets Para no. 12.25 of SEBI
Master Circular
5 Foreign securities Not exceed 35% of the net Para 12.19.3.3 of the SEBI
including ADRs / assets of the Scheme Master Circular for Mutual
GDRs / Foreign Funds dated June 27, 2024 read
equity, overseas with SEBI Circular No.
ETFs and debt SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-
securities 1/P/CIR/149 dated November
04, 2024
6 Repo in Corporate Upto 10% Para 12.18.1.1 of the SEBI
Debt Master Circular for Mutual
Funds
7 Mutual Fund units To the extent of 35% of net Clause 4 of Schedule 7 read
including ETFs assets. This investment is with Regulation 44(1).
subject to prevailing regulatory
limits of aggregate inter-
scheme investment made by
all schemes under the same
management or in schemes
under the management of any
other asset management
company which shall not
exceed 5% of the net asset
value of the mutual fund.
9

--- PAGE 10 ---
The Investment Managers may at their discretion, alter the pattern of investment in keeping with the long term
objectives of the scheme and in the interest of the investors provided such changes do not result in a change
in the fundamental attributes / investment profile of the scheme and are short term changes on defensive
consideration.
There can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be realized. The scheme will also
review these investments from time to time and the Fund Manager may churn the portfolio to the extent as
considered beneficial to the investors.
It must be clearly understood that the percentages stated above are only indicative and not absolute and that
they can vary substantially depending upon the perception of the AMC, the intention being at all times to seek
to protect the interests of the Unit Holders.
The above investment pattern is indicative and may be changed by the Fund Manager for a short term period
on defensive considerations, keeping in view market conditions, market opportunities, applicable SEBI (Mutual
Funds) Regulations 1996, legislative amendments and other political and economic factors, the intention being
at all times to seek to protect the interests of the Unit Holders. If the exposure falls outside the above mentioned
asset allocation pattern, the portfolio to be rebalanced by AMC within 30 days from the date of said deviation.
Pursuant to paragraph 2.9 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024 read with SEBI
circular no. SEBI/HO/IMD/PoD2/P/CIR/2025/92 dated June 26, 2025 in case the fund manager for any
reason is not able to rebalance the asset allocation due to passive breaches (occurrence of instances not
arising out of omission and commission of AMC) within 30 business days from the date of deviation ,
justification in writing, including details of efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before
Investment Committee. The Investment Committee, if so desires, can extend the timelines up to sixty (60)
business days from the date of completion of mandated rebalancing period. Further, it will follow timelines for
rebalancing of portfolios of Mutual Fund Schemes, reporting & disclosure requirements in pursuant to the
paragraph 2.9 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024. The funds raised under the
scheme shall be invested only in transferable securities as per Regulation 44(1), Schedule 7 of the SEBI
(Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996.
There can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved.
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST?
I. Equity and Equity Related Instruments:
1. Equity share is a security that represents ownership interest in a company.
2. Equity Related Instruments are securities which give the holder of the security right to receive Equity Shares
on pre agreed terms. It includes convertible/optionally convertible/compulsorily convertible preference
shares, share, convertible debentures, convertible preference shares, warrants carrying the right to obtain
equity shares, equity derivatives and such other instrument as may be specified by the Board from time to
time;.
3. Equity Derivatives (Futures and Options)
II. Debt Instruments & Money Market Instruments
1. Certificate of Deposits (CDs)
2. Commercial Paper (CPs)
3. Treasury Bills (T-Bills)
4. Triparty Repo
5. Securities created and issued by the Central Governments as may be permitted by RBI, securities
guaranteed by the Central Governments (including but not limited to coupon bearing bonds, zero coupon
bonds and treasury bills) Such securities could be fixed rate, fixed interest rate with put/call option, zero
coupon bond, floating rate bonds, capital indexed bonds, Fixed Interest security with staggered maturity
payment etc.
10

--- PAGE 11 ---
6. Non Convertible Debentures as well as bonds issued by companies / institutions promoted / owned by the
Central Governments and statutory bodies, which may or may not carry a Central Government guarantee,
Public and private sector banks, All India Financial Institutions, Private Sector Companies. These instruments
may be secured or unsecured against the assets of the Company and generally issued to meet the short
term and long term fund requirements These instruments include Fixed Interest Security with/without put/call
option, floating rate bonds, zero coupon bonds
7. Floating rate debt instruments issued by central government, corporates, PSUs etc. with coupon reset
periodically.
8. Repo (Repurchase Agreement) or Reverse Repo including repo in corporate debt securities
9. Securitized Debt (SD)/Pass Through Certificate (PTC)
10. Structured Obligations and Credit Enhancements
III. Foreign Securities
Foreign securities including ADRs / GDRs / Foreign equity and debt securities as may be permitted by
SEBI/RBI from time to time.
IV. Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs) & Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT)
Any other instruments / securities, which in the opinion of the fund manager would suit the investment
objective/asset allocation of the scheme subject to compliance with extant Regulations. The Scheme may
invest in other Schemes managed by the AMC or in the Schemes of any other Mutual Fund(s), provided such
investment is in conformity to the investment objectives of the Scheme and in terms of the prevailing
Regulations.
V. Units of Mutual Fund
Any other instruments / securities, which in the opinion of the fund manager would suit the investment
objective/asset allocation of the scheme subject to compliance with extant Regulations. The Scheme may
invest in other Schemes managed by the AMC or in the Schemes of any other Mutual Fund(s), provided such
investment is in conformity to the investment objectives of the Scheme and in terms of the prevailing
Regulations.
VI. Derivatives
Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as
disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the fund
manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the
fund manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No assurance
can be given that the fund manager will be able to identify or execute such strategies.
The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the risks
associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
For detailed derivative strategies, please refer to SAI.
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES?
The scheme will follow a bottom-up approach to stock-picking and choose companies across sectors/styles.
The scheme will invest in diversified portfolio of stocks across market capitalization. Large Cap Stocks – 1st
-100th company in terms of full market capitalization. Mid Cap:101st to 250th company in terms of full market
capitalization. Small Cap: 251st company onwards in terms of full market capitalization. The exposure across
these stocks will be in line with limits/classification defined by AMFI/SEBI from time to time
Derivatives : Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well
as disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the fund
11

--- PAGE 12 ---
manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the
fund manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No
assurance can be given that the fund manager will be able to identify or execute such strategies.
The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the risks
associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
For detailed derivative strategies, please refer to SAI.
For details pertaining to Risk Controls Strategies refer to Section II of the Scheme Information Document.
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE?
The First Tier benchmark of the Scheme is BSE 500 Index TRI
The scheme's strategy is to invest in a diversified portfolio of companies across sectors without any market
capitalization bias. BSE 500 is a diversified index which covers all major industries in the Indian economy.
Further, the constituents of the index reasonably represent the investment universe of the scheme and
hence it is suitable for the scheme.
The Trustees reserves the right to change the benchmark in future if a benchmark better suited to the
investment objective of the scheme is available.
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME?
Name of the Fund Educational Type and nature of past experiences
Manager, Age & tenure Qualifications including assignments held during the last
of managing the 10 years
scheme
Mr. Dinesh B. Tech (IIT-B), M. Mr. Dinesh has over 20 years of experience in
Balachandran S. (MIT, USA), CFA the industry primarily as Research Analyst.
Age : 44 Years Charter holder Experience over past years:
Tenure of managing  Mar 2012 – till date: SBI Funds Management
the scheme: 0.10 Limited
years Managing since:  Aug 2004 – Dec 2011: Research Analyst,
December 01, 2024 Fidelity Investments, USA
 Sep 2001 – July 2004: Research Associate,
Fidelity Investments, USA
Presently, Dinesh Balachandran is managing
SBI Balanced Advantage Fund (Equity Portion),
SBI Contra Fund, SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund,
SBI Comma Fund and SBI Multi Asset
Allocation (Equity Portion).
Mr. Anup Upadhyay B. Tech.(Hons.); Mr. Anup Upadhyay joined SBIFML in
(Co-Fund Manager) PGDM November 2024. He has earlier worked with
Age : 41 Years SBIFML from May 2007 till December 2021
in the roles of Head of Research, Fund
Tenure of managing Manager and Equity Analyst. He has more
the scheme: 0.10 than 14 years of experience in financial
years Managing since: services.
December 01, 2024
Mr. Anup Upadhyay manages SBI Balanced
12

--- PAGE 13 ---
Name of the Fund Educational Type and nature of past experiences
Manager, Age & tenure Qualifications including assignments held during the last
of managing the 10 years
scheme
Advantage Fund and SBI Flexicap Fund.
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND?
The investment objective of SBI Flexicap Fund is to provide investors with opportunities for long-term growth
in capital along with the liquidity of an open-ended scheme through an active management of investments in
a diversified basket of equity stocks spanning the entire market capitalization spectrum and in debt and
money market instruments.
However, there is no guarantee or assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved.
The scheme doesn’t assure or guarantee any returns
Reference list of other existing open ended equity schemes are as follows:
Sr. no Name of Scheme Scheme Category
1 SBI MNC Fund Thematic Fund
2 SBI Small Cap Fund Small Cap Fund
3 SBI Multi Cap Fund Multi Cap Fund
4 SBI Dividend Yield Fund Dividend Yield Fund
5 SBI Comma Fund Thematic Fund
6 SBI Contra Fund Contra Fund
7 SBI Focused Fund Focused Fund
8 SBI Large & Midcap Fund Large & Mid Cap Fund
9 SBI Energy Opportunities Fund Thematic Fund
10 SBI Infrastructure Fund Sectoral Fund
11 SBI Midcap Fund Mid Cap Fund
12 SBI Technology Opportunities Fund Sectoral Fund
13 SBI Flexicap Fund Flexi Cap Fund
14 SBI Banking & Financial Services Fund Sectoral Fund
15 SBI Equity Minimum Variance Fund Thematic Fund
16 SBI PSU Fund Sectoral Funds
17 SBI Large Cap Fund Large Cap Fund
18 SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund ELSS
19 SBI ESG Exclusionary Strategy Fund Thematic Fund
20 SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund Thematic Fund
21 SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund Sectoral Fund
22 SBI Automotive Opportunities Fund Sectoral Fund
23 SBI Innovative Opportunities Fund Sectoral Funds
24 SBI Quant Fund Thematic Fund
For comparative details of other schemes of SBI Mutual Fund, please refer to our website
https://www.sbimf.com/offer-document-sid-kim
13

--- PAGE 14 ---
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED
i) Performance of the Scheme (in %) as on September 30, 2025:
Benchmark Returns Scheme Returns Benchmark
Scheme Returns %
% % Returns %
Compounded
SBI Flexicap Fund SBI Flexicap
Annualized Returns
- Regular Plan – BSE 500 TRI Fund - Direct Plan BSE 500 TRI
Growth Option – Growth Option
Returns for the last 1
year (5.20) (5.50) (4.42) (5.50)
Returns for the last 3
years 13.24 16.12 14.20 16.12
Returns for the last 5
years 18.34 20.66 19.39 20.66
Returns since
inception 12.64 13.68 15.63 14.22
Inception Date: 29th Sep 2005
As scheme benchmark TRI data is not available since inception of the scheme, benchmark performance is
calculated using composite CAGR of BSE 500 PRI values from 29-Sep-05 to 31-Jul-06 and TRI values since
01-Aug-06. Direct Plan was introduced on January 01, 2013
14

--- PAGE 15 ---
Financial Year Wise Performance:
Absolute Returns for each financial year for the last 5 years
100
80
60
40
20
0
-20
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 FY 2021-22 FY 2020-21
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES
i. Scheme’s portfolio holdings (top 10 holdings by issuer and fund allocation towards
various sectors) Please refer to website : https://www.sbimf.com/sbimf-top-
holdings/099
ii. Disclosure of name and exposure to Top 7 issuers, stocks, groups and sectors as a
percentage of NAV of the scheme in case of debt and equity ETFs/index funds :
Not applicable
iii. Website link for Portfolio Disclosure - Fortnightly / Monthly/ Half Yearly.:
https://www.sbimf.com/portfolios
iv. Portfolio Turnover Rate as on September 31, 2025: 0.85
v. Aggregate investment in the Scheme by:
Sr. Category of Persons Net Value as on September Market Value ( in Rs.)
No. 30, 2025 as on September 30,
2025
Concerned scheme’s Fund Manager(s) Units NAV per unit
1 Mr. Dinesh Balachandran 4,04,145.76 121.081 4,89,34,373.01
SBI Flexicap Fund-Direct Plan – Growth
2 Mr. Anup Upadhyay 6,000.07 121.081 7,26,493.99
SBI Flexicap Fund-Direct Plan – Growth
For any other disclosure w.r.t investments by key personnel and AMC directors including
regulatory provisions in this regard kindly refer SAI.
15
)%(
snruteR
Financial Year Wise Returns
SBI Flexicap Fund - Reg Scheme Benchmark: BSE 500 TRI
SBI Flexicap Fund - Direct

--- PAGE 16 ---
I. Investments of AMC in the Scheme –
Please refer to website : https://www.sbimf.com/offer-document-sid-kim
In accordance with Regulation 25(16A), the asset management company shall invest such amounts in
such schemes of the mutual fund, based on the risks associated with the schemes, as may be specified
by the Board from time to time. But the AMC shall not be entitled to charge any management fees on this
investment in the scheme. Investments by the AMC will be in accordance with Regulation 25(17) of the
SEBI (MF) Regulations, 1996 which states that:
"The asset management company shall not invest in any of its schemes unless full disclosure of its
intention to invest has been made in the Offer Document (presently Scheme Information Document),
provided that the asset management company shall not be entitled to charge any fees on its investment
in the scheme."
Part III- OTHER DETAILS
A. COMPUTATION OF NAV
NAV of the Scheme shall be computed and declared on every business day. The NAV under the Scheme
would be rounded off to four decimals as follows or such other formula as may be prescribed by SEBI from
time to time:
Market or Fair Value of Scheme’s investments + Current Assets - Current Liabilities and Provision
NAV = ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
No of Units outstanding under Scheme on the Valuation Date
NAV will be disclosed under SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. NAV can also be viewed on
www.sbimf.com and www.amfiindia.com.
The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of Association of Mutual Funds in India - AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) by 11.00 p.m. on every business day. In case of any delay, the reasons for such delay
would be explained to AMFI and SEBI by the next day. If the NAVs are not available before commencement
of business hours on the following day due to any reason, the Fund shall issue a press release providing
reasons and explaining when the Fund would be able to publish the NAVs.
Whenever the Scheme also invests in foreign securities, the NAVs of Scheme shall be updated on daily basis
on the website of the AMC and on the website of AMFI by 10:00 a.m. of the following business day in line
with Paragraph 8.2 of Master Circular for mutual funds.
In case of non-availability of price/valuation for the underlying overseas investments before aforementioned
timeline, consequent to which there would be inability in capturing same day price/valuation for such
underlying investments, then NAV of the Scheme will be declared as and when the price/valuation for such
underlying securities/ Funds is available.
Further, as per SEBI Regulations, the repurchase price shall not be lower than 95% of the NAV.
Illustration on computation of NAV: If the net assets of the Scheme are Rs.10,45,34,345.34 and units
outstanding are 10,000,000, then the NAV per unit will be computed as follows: 10,45,34,345.34 / 10,000,000
= Rs. 10.4534 p.u. (rounded off to four decimals)
Methodology for calculation of sale and re-purchase price of the units of mutual fund scheme:
16

--- PAGE 17 ---
Let’s assume that the NAV of a Mutual Fund Scheme on April 01, 2018 is Rs. 10/-.
Purchase of mutual fund units:
The Purchase Price of the Units on an ongoing basis will be same as Applicable NAV.
Purchase Price = Applicable NAV
In the above example, purchase is done on April 01, 2018, when the Applicable NAV = Rs. 10/-
Therefore, Purchase Price = Rs. 10/-
As per existing Regulations, no entry load is charged with respect to applications for purchase / additional
purchase of mutual funds units.
Redemption/Re-purchase of mutual fund units
The Redemption Price of the Units will be calculated on the basis of the Applicable NAV subject to prevailing
Exit Load, if any. In case of redemption, the amount payable to the investor shall be calculated as follows:
Redemption Price = Applicable NAV * (1 - Exit Load)
Say, in the above example the exit load applicable is:
a. For exit on or before 12 months from the date of allotment – 1.00%
b. For exit after 12 months from the date of allotment – Nil.
Scenario 1: Redemption is done during applicability of exit load
In case the investor requests for redemption on or before 12 months i.e. on or before March 31, 2019; say
December 1, 2018, when the NAV of the scheme is Rs. 12/- and the exit load applicable is 1%, so the
Redemption amount payable to investor shall be calculated as follows:
Redemption Price = Applicable NAV * (1 - Exit Load)
= Rs. 12 * (1-1%) = Rs. 11.88/-
Scenario 2: Redemption is done when the exit load is NIL
In case the investor requests for redemption after 12 months i.e. after March 31, 2019; say April 1, 2019, when
the NAV of the scheme is Rs. 12/- and the exit load applicable is NIL, so the Redemption amount payable to
investor shall be calculated as follows:
Redemption Price = Applicable NAV * (1 - Exit Load)
= Rs. 12 * (1-0) = Rs. 12/-
The aforesaid example does not take into consideration any applicable statutory levies or taxes. Accordingly,
the redemption amount payable to investor shall further reduce to the extent of applicable statutory levies or
taxes.
Note: The aforesaid disclosure has been made pursuant to paragraph 8.1.5 of the SEBI Master Circular for
mutual funds dated June 27, 2024.
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES
These expenses are incurred for the purpose of various activities related to the NFO like sales and
distribution fees paid marketing and advertising, registrar expenses, printing and stationary, bank
17

--- PAGE 18 ---
charges etc. Details of source for meeting these expenses may be disclosed. AMC to ensure that no
NFO expenses will be / were charged to the Scheme.- Not Applicable
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES
These are the fees and expenses for operating the scheme. These expenses include Investment
Management and Advisory Fee charged by the AMC, Registrar and Transfer Agents’ fee, marketing
and selling costs etc. as given in the table below:
The AMC has estimated that upto 2.25%% of the daily net assets of the scheme will be charged to
the scheme as expenses (For the actual current expenses being charged, the investor should refer
to the website of the mutual fund: https://www.sbimf.com/total-expense-ratio
The fees and expenses of operating the Scheme on an annual basis, expressed as a percentage of
the amount of the scheme's daily net assets, are estimated as follows:
Expense Head % of daily Net
Assets
Investment Management and Advisory Fees
Trustee fee
Audit fees
Custodian fees
RTA Fees
Marketing & Selling expense incl. agent commission
Cost related to investor communications
Cost of fund transfer from location to location
Cost of providing account statements and Income Distribution cum Upto 2.25%
capital withdrawal redemption cheques and warrants
Costs of statutory Advertisements
Cost towards investor education & awareness (at least 2 bps)
Brokerage & transaction cost over and above 12 bps and 5 bps for
cash and derivative market trades resp.
Goods & Service tax on expenses other than investment and
advisory fees
Goods & Service tax on brokerage and transaction cost
Other Expenses^
Maximum total expense ratio (TER) permissible under
Upto 2.25%
Regulation 52 (6) (c)
Additional expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c)* Upto 0.05%
Additional expenses for gross new inflows from specified cities
Upto 0.30%
^ Any other expenses which are directly attributable to the Scheme, may be charged with the approval
of the Trustee within the overall limits as specified in the Regulations except those expenses which are
specifically prohibited.
*Pursuant to paragraph 10.1.7 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024,
additional expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c) shall not be levied if the scheme doesn’t have exit
load.
The AMC has estimated that upto 2.25% (plus allowed under regulation 52(6A)) of the daily net asset
will be charged to the scheme as expenses. The maximum annual recurring expenses that can be
charged to the Scheme, excluding issue or redemption expenses, whether initially borne by the mutual
fund or by the asset management company, but including the investment management and advisory
18

--- PAGE 19 ---
fee shall be within the limits stated in Regulations 52 read with chapter 10 of SEBI master circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024. The AMC may charge the investment and advisory fees within the
limits of total expenses prescribed under Regulation 52 of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulation.
Direct Plan shall have a lower expense ratio excluding distribution expenses, commission, etc as
compared to Regular Plan and no commission for distribution of Units will be paid/ charged under Direct
Plan. Both the plans viz. Regular and Direct plan shall have common portfolio. However, Regular Plan
and Direct Plan shall have different NAVs.
The mutual fund can charge expenses within overall limits, without any internal cap on the aforesaid
expenses head. Types of expenses charged shall be as per the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulation, 1996.
For investor education and awareness initiative, the AMC or the Schemes of the Fund will annually set
apart at least 0.02 percent of daily net asset of the Schemes of the Fund within the maximum limit of
the total expense ratio as per SEBI Regulations.
These estimates have been made in good faith as per the information available to the Investment
Manager based on past experience and are subject to change inter-se. Types of expenses charged
shall be as per the SEBI (MF) Regulations. Pursuant to SEBI Notification dated December 13, 2018,
the maximum total expenses of the scheme under Regulation 52(6)(c) shall be subject to following
limits
Assets Under Management Slab (In Rs. crore) Total expense ratio limits
On the first Rs.500 crores of the daily net assets 2.25%
On the next Rs.250 crores of the daily net assets 2.00%
On the next Rs.1,250 crores of the daily net assets 1.75%
On the next Rs.3,000 crores of the daily net assets 1.60%
On the next Rs.5,000 crores of the daily net assets 1.50%
On the next Rs.40,000 crores of the daily net Total expense ratio reduction of
assets 0.05% for every increase of
Rs.5,000 crores of daily net assets
or part thereof.
On balance of the assets 1.05%
The scheme may charge additional expenses incurred towards different heads mentioned under
regulations (2) and (4), not exceeding 0.05% of the daily net assets.
In addition to the expenses permissible under Regulation 52 (6) (c), the following expenses will be
charged to the scheme:
1. The Goods & Service tax on investment management and advisory fees would be charged in
addition to the above limit
2. Brokerage and transaction costs which are incurred for the purpose of execution of trade up to
0.12 per cent of trade value in case of cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of trade value
in case of derivatives transactions; the securities transaction tax (STT) will continue to be included
in the cost of investment and will not come under the limit of 0.12% & 0.05% mentioned above, as
the case may be. Further, in terms of paragraph 10.1.14 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual funds
dated June 27, 2024, any payment towards brokerage and transaction costs incurred for the
execution of trades, over and above the said 0.12 percent for cash market transactions and 0.05%
for derivative transactions may be charged to the scheme within the maximum limit of Total
Expense Ratio (TER) as prescribed under Regulation 52 of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations,
1996. Goods & Service tax on brokerage and transaction cost paid for execution of trade, if any,
shall be within the limit prescribed under regulation 52 of the Regulations.
19

--- PAGE 20 ---
3. In terms of Regulation 52 (6A) (b), expenses not exceeding of 0.30 per cent of daily net assets,
if the new inflows from such cities as specified from time to time are at least –
- 30 percent of gross new inflows in the scheme, or;
- 15 percent of the average assets under management of the scheme, whichever is higher:
Provided that if inflows from such cities is less than the higher of sub-clause (i) or sub- clause
(ii), such expenses on daily net assets of the scheme shall be charged on proportionate basis:
Provided further that expenses charged under this clause shall be utilised for distribution
expenses incurred for bringing inflows from such cities:
Provided further that amount incurred as expense on account of inflows from such cities shall be
credited back to the scheme in case the said inflows are redeemed within a period of one year
from the date of investment.
4. Further, GST on expenses other than investment and advisory fees shall be borne by the Scheme
within the maximum limit of annual recurring expenses as prescribed in Regulation 52.
The Mutual Fund would update the current expense ratios on the website atleast three working
days prior to the effective date of the change. Investors can refer https://www.sbimf.com/total-
expense-ratio for Total Expense Ratio (TER) details.
The additional TER in terms of Regulation 52(6A)(b) of SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996
shall be charged based on inflows from Retail Investors from beyond top 30 cities (B-30 cities).
Accordingly, the inflows of amount upto Rs 2,00,000/- per transaction, by individual investors shall
be considered as inflows from “Retail Investors”.
Note: SEBI vide its letter no. SEBI/HO/IMD-SEC-3/P/OW/2023/5823/1 dated February 24, 2023
and AMFI letter dated No. 35P/ MEM-COR/ 85-a/ 2022-23 dated March 02, 2023 has directed AMCs
to keep B-30 incentive structure in abeyance with effect from March 01, 2023 till further notice.
C. Illustration of impact of expense ratio on schemes returns:
Illustration of impact of expense ratio on scheme’s returns
Regular Plan Direct Plan
Opening NAV (INR) (a) 100.00 100.00
Scheme's gross return for the year 10% 10%
Closing NAV before charging expenses (INR) (b) 110.00 110.00
Total expense charged (INR) (c) 2.0% 1.5%
NAV after charging expenses (INR) (b-c) 108.00 108.50
Net return to the investor 8.00% 8.50%
Above illustration is a simplified calculation to show the impact of the expense charged on the
performance to the scheme. In the above illustration total expense charged to the scheme has been
mentioned in INR. As per the SEBI regulation, expense to the scheme is charged on daily basis on
the daily net assets and within the percentage limits specified in the SEBI regulations.
D. LOAD STRUCTURE
Load is an amount which is paid by the investor to subscribe to the units or to redeem the units from
the scheme. Load amounts are variable and are subject to change from time to time. For the current
applicable structure, please refer to the website of the AMC (www.sbimf.com) or contact your
20

--- PAGE 21 ---
distributor.
The following table illustrates the expenses that the investors will incur on their purchases/ sales of
Units during the continuous offer (including Systematic Investment Plan) under this scheme:
Entry Load Not Applicable
 For exit on or before 30 days from the date of allotment
Exit Load 0.10%
 For exit after 30 days from the date of allotment - Nil
Please note that no Exit Load shall be levied for switching between Plans within the said Scheme.
The charges stated above are a percentage of the NAV.
Switch over Between Growth and IDCW options of the Scheme will be at NAV.
Bonus units and units issued on reinvestment of IDCW shall not be subject to entry and exit load.
The AMC reserves the right to introduce a load structure, levy a different load structure or remove the
load structure in the scheme at any time after giving notice to that effect to the investors.
The upfront commission on investment, if any, shall be paid to the ARN Holder directly by the investor,
based on the investor’s assessment of various factors including service rendered by the ARN Holder.
For any change in load structure AMC will issue an addendum and display it on the website/OPAT of
SBI MF.
Any imposition or enhancement in the load shall be applicable on prospective investments only. At the
time of changing the load structure, the mutual fund may consider the following measures to avoid
complaints from investors about investment in the schemes without knowing the loads:
i. The AMC shall be required to issue an addendum and display the same on its website immediately.
ii. The addendum shall be circulated to all the distributors/brokers/Investor Service Centre (ISC) so that the
same can be attached to all KIM and SID already in stock till it is updated.
iii. Latest applicable addendum shall be a part of KIM and SID. (E.g. in case of changes in load structure the
addendum carrying the latest applicable load structure shall be attached to all KIM and SID already in
stock till it is updated).
iv. Further, the account statements shall continue to include applicable load structure.
In accordance with SEBI Regulations, the repurchase price will not be lower than 95% of the NAV.
The investor is requested to check the prevailing load structure of the Scheme before investing.
21

--- PAGE 22 ---
Section II
I. Introduction
A. Definitions/interpretation
Please refer to www. https://www.sbimf.com/offer-document-sid-kim
B. Risk factors
Scheme specific risk factors
a. The Trustees, AMC, Fund, their directors or their employees shall not be liable for any tax
consequences that may arise in the event that the scheme is wound up for the reasons and in the
manner provided under the Scheme Information Document & Statement of Additional Information.
b. Redemption by the Magnum holder / Unit holder due to change in the fundamental attributes of the
Scheme or due to any other reasons may entail tax consequences. The Trustees, AMC, Fund their
directors or their employees shall not be liable for any tax consequences that may arise.
c. The tax benefits described in the SID are as available under the present taxation laws and are
available subject to relevant condition. The information given is included only for general purpose
and is based on advice received by the AMC regarding the law and practice currently in force in India
and the Investors and Unit Holders should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules or their interpretation
may change. As in the case with any investment, there can be no guarantee that the tax position or
the proposed tax position prevailing at the time of the investment in the Scheme will endure
indefinitely. In view of the individual nature of tax consequences, each Investor / Unit holder is
advised to consult his/her/its own professional tax advisor.
d. SBI Flexicap Fund would be investing in Equity and equity related instruments (including derivatives),
Units issued by REIT/InVIT, Debt instruments (including securitized debt, structured obligations and
credit enhancements), repo in corporate debt securities and Money Market Instruments. The liquidity
of the scheme’s investments is inherently restricted by trading volumes and settlement periods. In
the event of an inordinately large number of redemption requests, or of a restructuring of the
scheme’s investment portfolio, these periods may become significant. In view of the same, the right
to limit redemptions (including suspending redemptions) under certain circumstances will be in
accordance with Paragraph 1.12 of SEBI Master Circular.
e. Different types of securities in which the scheme would invest as given in the Scheme Information
Document carry different levels of risk. Accordingly, the scheme’s risk may increase or decrease
depending upon the investment pattern. For e.g. corporate bonds carry a higher amount of risk than
Government Securities. Further even among corporate bonds, AAA rated bonds, are comparatively
less riskier than AA rated bonds.
f. Subject to necessary approvals, the Scheme may invest in securities in overseas markets, which
could be exposed to currency risk, sovereign risk, economic and political risks. Prices of ADR/GDR
may not move in consonance with the domestic underlying stock due to currency movements and
the prices could also be trading at a discount/premium to the underlying stocks
g. Stock Lending: Securities Lending is a lending of securities through an approved intermediary to a
borrower under an agreement for a specified period with the condition that the borrower will return
equivalent securities of the same type or class at the end of the specified period along with the
corporate benefits accruing on the securities borrowed. There are risks inherent in securities lending,
including the risk of failure of the other party, in which case the securities might go in for auction. In
the event of exceptional circumstances resulting in non-availability of securities in auction, such
transactions would be financially closed-out at appropriate rates as per exchange regulations.
22

--- PAGE 23 ---
Besides, there will also be temporary illiquidity of the securities that are lent out and the Scheme(s)
will not be able to sell such lent out securities until they are returned.
h. Investments under the scheme may also be subject to the following risks:
i. Equity and equity related risk: Equity instruments carry both company specific and market risks
and hence no assurance of returns can be made for these investments.
ii. Credit risk: Credit risk is risk resulting from uncertainty in counterparty's ability or willingness to
meet its contractual obligations. This risk pertains to the risk of default of payment of principal and
interest. Government Securities have zero credit risk while other debt instruments are rated
according to the issuer's ability to meet the obligations.
iii. Liquidity Risk pertains to how saleable a security is in the market. If a particular security does not
have a market at the time of sale, then the scheme may have to bear an impact depending on its
exposure to that particular security.
iv. Interest Rate risk is associated with movements in interest rate, which depend on various factors
such as government borrowing, inflation, economic performance etc. The values of investments
will appreciate/depreciate if the interest rates fall/rise.
v. Reinvestment risk: This risk arises from uncertainty in the rate at which cash flows from an
investment may be reinvested. This is because the bond will pay coupons, which will have to be
reinvested. The rate at which the coupons will be reinvested will depend upon prevailing market
rates at the time the coupons are received.
i. The Mutual Fund is not assuring any IDCW nor is it assuring that it will make any IDCW distributions.
All IDCW distributions are subject to the availability of distributable surplus and would depend on the
performance of the scheme.
j. The risks involved in derivatives are:
1. The cost of hedge can be higher than adverse impact of market movements
2. The derivatives will entail a counter-party risk to the extent of amount that can become due from
the party.
3. An exposure to derivatives in excess of the hedging requirements can lead to losses.
4. An exposure to derivatives can also limit the profits from a genuine investment transaction.
5. Efficiency of a derivatives market depends on the development of a liquid and efficient market
for underlying securities and also on the suitable and acceptable benchmarks.
6. Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as
disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of
the fund manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be
pursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager may not always
be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will be able to identify or execute
such strategies.
k. Risk factors associated with repo transactions in corporate debt securities:
Corporate Bond Repo transactions are currently done on OTC basis and settled on non guaranteed
23

--- PAGE 24 ---
basis. Credit risks could arise if the counterparty does not return the security as contracted on due
date. The liquidation of underlying bonds in case of counterparty default would depend on the
liquidity of the bond and market conditions at that time. This risk is largely mitigated, as the choice
of counterparties is largely restricted and also haircuts are applicable on the underlying bonds
depending on credit ratings. Also operational risks are lower as such trades are settled on a DVP
basis.
In the event of the scheme being unable to pay back the money to the counterparty as contracted
in case of transactions as a borrower, the counter party may dispose of the assets (as they have
sufficient margin) and the net proceeds may be refunded to the Mutual Fund. Thus, the scheme
may in remote cases suffer losses. This risk is normally mitigated by better cash flow planning to
take care of such repayments.
l. RISK FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTMENTS IN REITs AND InvITs:
Risk of lower than expected distributions: The distributions by the REIT or InvIT will be based on
the net cash flows available for distribution. The amount of cash available for distribution principally
depends upon the amount of cash that the REIT/InvIT receives as dividends or the interest and
principal payments from portfolio assets. The cash flows generated by portfolio assets from operations
may fluctuate primarily based on the below, among other things:
 success and economic viability of tenants and off-takers
 economic cycles and risks inherent in the business which may negatively impact valuations, returns
and profitability of portfolio assets
 force majeure events related such as earthquakes, floods etc. rendering the portfolio assets
inoperable
 debt service requirements and other liabilities of the portfolio assets
 fluctuations in the working capital needs of the portfolio assets
 ability of portfolio assets to borrow funds and access capital markets
 changes in applicable laws and regulations, which may restrict the payment of dividends by portfolio
assets
 amount and timing of capital expenditures on portfolio assets
 insurance policies may not provide adequate protection against various risks associated with
operations of the REIT/InvIT such as fire, natural disasters, accidents
 taxation and other regulatory factors
Price-Risk: The valuation of the REIT/InvIT units may fluctuate based on economic conditions,
fluctuations in markets (eg. real estate) in which the REIT/InvIT operates and the resulting impact on
the value of the portfolio of assets, regulatory changes, force majeure events etc. REITs & InvITs may
have volatile cash flows. As an indirect shareholder of portfolio assets, unit holders rights are
subordinated to the rights of creditors, debt holders and other parties specified under Indian law in the
event of insolvency or liquidation of any of the portfolio assets
Interest-Rate Risk: Generally, there would be an inverse relationship between the interest rates and
the price of units. Generally, when the interest rates rise, prices of units fall and when interest rates
drop, such prices increase.
Liquidity Risk: This refers to the ease with which REIT/InvIT units can be sold. There is no assurance
that an active secondary market will develop or be maintained. Hence there would be times when
trading in the units could be infrequent. The subsequent valuation of illiquid units may reflect a discount
from the market price of comparable securities for which a liquid market exists.
m. RISK FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTMENTS IN SECURITISED DEBT
(i) The Scheme may be exposed to risks associated with investing in asset backed securities (ABS),
i.e. securitised debt. The underlying assets in the case of investment in securitised debt could be
24

--- PAGE 25 ---
mortgages [being mortgage backed securities (MBS)] or other assets like credit card receivables,
automobile / vehicle, consumer durables, personal, commercial or corporate loans and any other
receivables, loans or debt.
(ii) Different types of securitised debt/structured instruments carry different levels and types of risks
and the NAV(s) of the Scheme may, to the extent that its assets are invested in such instruments,
fluctuate depending on the value of such instruments. For instance, credit risk on securitised bonds
depends upon the credit worthiness of the originator and would vary depending on whether such
bonds are issued with recourse to the originator or otherwise (a structure with recourse will have a
lower credit risk than a structure without recourse). Even within securitised debt, AAA rated
securitised debt offers lesser risk of default than AA rated securitised debt. Changes in/withdrawal
of the credit rating of the instruments issued by the originator may affect the value of the Scheme’s
investments and consequently, the NAV of the Units.
(iii) Underlying assets in securitised debt may assume different forms and the general types of
receivables include Auto Finance, Credit Cards, Personal Loans/Receivables, Home
Loans/Receivables, Corporate Loans/Receivables and other retail loans. Credit risks relating to
these types of receivables depend upon various factors including macro economic factors
impacting each of these industries. Specific factors like nature and adequacy of property mortgaged
against these borrowings and the nature of loan agreement / mortgage deed in case of Home
Loans, adequacy of documentation in case of Auto Finance and Home Loans, capacity of the
borrower to meet its obligations in case of Credit Cards and intentions of the borrower influence the
risks relating to the asset borrowings underlying the securitised debt.
(iv) If a court/regulatory authority concludes that the sale from the originator to the securitisation trust
was not a “true sale”, the Scheme(s) may, in the event that it has invested in instruments issued by
such trust, experience losses or delays in the payments due and the NAV of the Units may be
affected thereby. Care is generally taken while structuring the transaction so as to minimize the risk
of the sale to the trust not being construed as a “true sale” and legal opinion confirming that the
sale constitutes a true sale is usually obtained.
(v) Presently, the secondary market for securitised papers is not very liquid and there is no assurance
that a deep secondary market will develop for such securities. This could limit the ability of the
Scheme(s) to resell such securities. Even if a secondary market develops and sales were to take
place, these secondary transactions may be at a discount to the initial issue price due to changes
in the interest rate structure.
(vi) In case of securitised debt, changes in market interest rates and pre-payments may not change the
absolute amount of receivables for the investors but may have an impact on the re-investment of
the periodic cash flows that an investor receives on securitised papers.
(vii) Securitised debt papers carry credit risk of the obligors and are dependent on the servicing of the
Pass Through Certificates, contributions, etc. However, these are offset suitably by appropriate
pool selection as well as credit enhancements specified by Credit Rating Agencies. However, the
credit enhancement stipulated in a securitization transaction represents a limited loss cover only.
Delinquencies and credit losses may cause depletion of the amount available under the cash
collateral account and thereby the scheduled payouts of the investors may get affected if the
amount available in the cash collateral account is not enough to cover the shortfall. In cases where
the underlying facilities are linked to benchmark rates, the securitized debt papers may be
adversely impacted by adverse movements in benchmark rates. However, this risk is mitigated to
an extent by appropriate credit enhancement specified by Credit Rating Agencies.
Risk of Co-mingling
The servicers normally deposit all payments received from the obligors into the collection account.
However, there could be a time gap between collection by a servicer and depositing the same into the
collection account especially considering that some of the collections may be in the form of cash. In
this interim period, collections from the loan agreements may not be segregated from other funds of
the servicer. If the servicer fails to remit such funds due to investors, the investors may be exposed to
25

--- PAGE 26 ---
a potential loss. Due care is normally taken to ensure that the servicer enjoys highest credit rating on
stand alone basis to minimize co-mingling risk.
n. Risks associated with Investing in Foreign Securities
 Subject to necessary approvals and within the investment objectives of the Scheme, the Scheme
may invest in Foreign Securities including foreign equities, ADRs, GDRs, mutual funds and
exchange traded funds, unlisted securities, government securities, corporate debt securities,
money market instruments, repos not involving borrowing and short term deposits with overseas
banks. Such investments carry risks related to fluctuations in the foreign exchange rates, the nature
of the securities market of the country, repatriation of capital due to exchange controls and political
circumstances.
 It is the AMC’s belief that investment in Foreign Securities offers new investment and portfolio
diversification opportunities into multi-market and multi-currency products. However, such
investments also entail additional risks. Such investment opportunities may be pursued by the AMC
provided they are considered appropriate in terms of the overall investment objectives of the
Scheme. Since the Scheme(s) would invest only partially in Foreign Securities, there may not be
readily available and widely accepted benchmarks to measure performance of the Scheme.
 Overseas investments will be made subject to any/all approvals, conditions thereof as may be
stipulated under the SEBI Regulations or by RBI and provided such investments do not result in
expenses to the Scheme(s) in excess of the ceiling on expenses prescribed by and consistent with
costs and expenses attendant to international investing. The Mutual Fund may, where necessary,
appoint other intermediaries of repute as advisors, custodian/sub-custodians, etc. for managing
and administering such investments. The appointment of such intermediaries shall be in
accordance with the applicable requirements of SEBI and within the permissible ceilings of
expenses.
 To the extent that the assets of the Scheme(s) will be invested in Foreign Securities denominated
in foreign currencies, the Indian Rupee equivalent of the net assets, distributions and income may
be adversely affected by changes in the value of certain foreign currencies relative to the Indian
Rupee. The repatriation of capital to India may also be hampered by changes in regulations
concerning exchange controls or political circumstances as well as the application to it of other
restrictions on investment.
o. Risks associated with segregated portfolio
Different types of securities in which the scheme would invest carry different levels and types of risk as
given in the Scheme Information Document of the scheme. In addition to the same, unitholders are
requested to also note the following risks with respect to Segregated Portfolio:
1. Investor holding units of segregated portfolio may not able to liquidate their holding till the time there
is recovery of money from the issuer.
2. Listing of units of segregated portfolio in recognized stock exchange does not necessarily guarantee
their liquidity, as there may not be active trading of units in the stock market. Further trading price of
units on the stock market may be at a significant discount compared to the prevailing NAV.
3. Securities which are part of the segregated portfolio may or may not recover any money, either fully
or partially.
p. Risks associated with writing covered call options for equity shares:
In addition to the risks associated with derivative instruments, listed below are the risks associated with
writing covered call options.
 Market Risk:
Appreciation in the underlying equity shares could lead to loss of opportunity in case of writing of
26

--- PAGE 27 ---
covered call option. In case if the appreciation in equity share price is more than the option
premium received, the appreciation in the scheme would be capped
 Liquidity Risk:
This strategy of writing covered call in a scheme will be used, provided the scheme has adequate
number of underlying equity shares as per regulatory requirement. Subsequently, the scheme will
have to set aside a portion of investment in the underlying equity shares. Further, in case the
covered call options are sold to the maximum extent as allowed under the purview of regulations,
the scheme would be unable to sell the shares of the respective stock, to the extent that would
be blocked under the covered call. Hence, if the call option contracts which have been written
become illiquid, it may lead to a loss of opportunity or can cause exit issues.
As a result, it may happen that the scheme is not able to sell the underlying equity shares
immediately, which can lead to temporary illiquidity of the underlying equity shares and may result
in loss of opportunity.
Benefits of using Covered Call strategy in Mutual Funds:
The covered call strategy can help in earning income and hedging risk and subsequently result
in better risk adjusted returns for the Scheme. Following are the benefits offered by this strategy:
a) Hedge against market risk - Since the fund manager sells a call option on a stock already owned
by the mutual fund scheme, the downside from fall in the stock price would be lower to the extent
of the premium earned from the call option.
b) Generating additional returns in the form of option premium in a range bound market. Thus, a
covered call strategy involves gains for unit holders in case the strategy plays out in the right
direction
q. Risks associated with Investing in Structured Obligation (SO) & Credit Enhancement (CE)
rated securities
Credit rating agencies assign CE rating to an instrument based on any identifiable credit
enhancement for the debt instrument issued by an issuer. The credit enhancement could be in
various forms and could include guarantee, shortfall undertaking, letter of comfort, etc. from another
entity. This entity could be either related or non-related to the issuer like a bank, financial institution,
etc. Credit enhancement could include additional security in form of pledge of shares listed on stock
exchanges, etc. SO transactions are asset backed/ mortgage backed securities, securitized paper
backed by hypothecation of car loan receivables, securities backed by trade receivables, credit
card receivables etc. Hence, for CE rated instruments evaluation of the credit enhancement
provider, as well as the issuer is undertaken to determine the issuer rating. In case of SO rated
issuer, the underlying loan pools or securitization, etc. is assessed to arrive at rating for the issuer.
Liquidity Risk: SO rated securities are often complex structures, with a variety of credit
enhancements. Debt securities lack a well-developed secondary market in India, and due to the
credit enhanced nature of CE securities as well as structured nature of SO securities, the liquidity
in the market for these instruments is adversely affected compared to similar rated debt
instruments. Hence, lower liquidity of such instruments, could lead to inability of the scheme to sell
such debt instruments and generate liquidity for the scheme or higher impact cost when such
instruments are sold.
Credit Risk: The credit risk of debt instruments which are CE rated derives rating based on the
combined strength of the issuer as well as the structure. Hence, any weakness in either the issuer
or the structure could have an adverse credit impact on the debt instrument. The weakness in
structure could arise due to inability of the investors to enforce the structure due to issues such as
legal risk, inability to sell the underlying collateral or enforce guarantee, etc. In case of SO
transactions, comingling risk and risk of servicer increases the overall risk for the securitized debt
or assets backed transactions. Therefore apart from issuer level credit risk such debt instruments
27

--- PAGE 32 ---
d. The Fund under all its Schemes shall not own more than 10% of any company's paid up capital carrying
voting rights;
Provided, investment in the asset management company or the trustee company of a mutual fund shall be
governed by clause (a), of sub-regulation (1), of regulation 7B.
e. Transfer of investments from one scheme to another scheme, including this scheme, under the Mutual
Fund shall be allowed only if :
I. Such transfers are done at the prevailing market price for quoted securities on spot basis; explanation
- “spot basis” shall have the same meaning as specified by the stock exchange for spot transactions,
and
II. The securities so transferred shall be in conformity with the investment objective of the scheme to
which such transfer has been made.
III. For meeting liquidity requirement in a scheme in case of unanticipated redemption pressure
IV. For Duration/ Issuer/ Sector/ Group rebalancing
f. The Mutual Fund shall buy and sell securities on the basis of deliveries and shall in all cases of purchases,
take delivery of relative securities and in all cases of sale, deliver the securities and shall in no case put
itself in a position whereby it has to make short sale.
Provided that securities lending and borrowing shall be in accordance with the framework specified by the
Board:
Provided further that a mutual fund may enter into derivatives transactions in a recognized stock
exchange, subject to the framework specified by the Board.
Provided further that sale of government security already contracted for purchase shall be permitted in
accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India in this regard.
g. The scheme shall provide that the securities be purchased or transferred in the name of the Mutual Fund
for the relevant scheme, wherever the investments are intended to be of a long-term nature.
h. Pending deployment of funds of the Scheme, the AMC may invest funds of the Scheme in short-term
deposits of scheduled commercial banks, subject to the following conditions as per the paragraph 12.16
of the SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, as may be amended from time to time:
i. “Short Term” for parking of funds shall be treated as a period not exceeding 91 days.
ii. Such short-term deposits shall be held in the name of the Scheme.
iii. The Scheme shall not park more than 15% of their net assets in the short term deposit(s) of all
the scheduled commercial banks put together. However, it may be raised to 20% with the prior
approval of the Trustee. Also, parking of funds in short term deposits of associate and sponsor
scheduled commercial banks together shall not exceed 20% of total deployment by the Mutual
Fund in short term deposits.
iv. The Scheme shall not park more than 10% of their net assets in short term deposit(s) with any
one scheduled commercial bank including its subsidiaries.
v. The Trustee / AMC shall ensure that the funds of the Scheme are not parked in the short term
deposits of a bank which has invested in the Scheme.
vi. AMC will not charge any investment management and advisory fees for parking of funds in short
term deposits of scheduled commercial banks.
vii. The Trustee / AMC shall also ensure that the bank in which a scheme has short term deposits
do not invest in the scheme until the scheme has short term deposits with such bank.
i. The scheme may invest in another scheme under the same asset management company or any other
mutual fund without charging any fees, provided that aggregate interscheme investment made by all
32

--- PAGE 33 ---
schemes under the same management or in schemes under the management of any other asset
management company shall not exceed 5% of the net asset value of the mutual fund.
j. The scheme shall not make any investment in;
1) any unlisted security of an associate or group company of the sponsor; or
2) any security issued by way of private placement by an associate or group company of the sponsor; or
3) The listed securities of group companies of the sponsor which is in excess of 25% of the net assets.
k. No mutual fund scheme shall invest more than 10 per cent of its NAV in the equity shares or equity related
instruments of any company.
l. All investments by a mutual fund scheme in equity shares and equity related instruments shall only be
made provided such securities are listed or to be listed
m. The scheme shall not make any investment in any Fund of Funds scheme.
n. The scheme shall not advance any loan for any purpose.
o. The Scheme may engage in securities lending and borrowing in accordance with framework specified by
SEBI
p. SBI Mutual Fund will invest in the units of REITs and InvITs subject to the following:
(a) SBI Mutual Fund under all its schemes shall not own more than 10% of units issued by a single issuer
of REIT and InvITs; and
(b) SBI Flexicap Fund shall not invest –
i. more than 10% of its NAV in the units of REIT and InvITs; and
ii. more than 5% of its NAV in the units of REIT and InvITs issued by a single issuer.
q. The investment of the Scheme in the following instruments shall not exceed 10% of the debt portfolio of
the scheme and the group exposure in such instruments shall not exceed 5% of the debt portfolio of the
scheme
Unsupported rating of debt instruments (i.e. without factoring-in credit enhancements) is below investment
grade and
Supported rating of debt instruments (i.e. after factoring-in credit enhancement) is above investment grade.
For the purpose of this provision, ‘Group’ shall have the same meaning as defined in paragraph 12.9.3.3
of Master Circular for Mutual Funds.
However, Investment limits as mentioned above shall not be applicable on investments in securitized debt
instruments, as defined in SEBI (Public Offer and Listing of Securitized Debt Instruments) Regulations
2008.
Investment in debt instruments, having credit enhancements backed by equity shares directly or indirectly,
shall have a minimum cover of 4 times considering the market value of such shares.
33

--- PAGE 34 ---
Apart from the investment restrictions prescribed under SEBI (MF) Regulations, the fund follows internal
norms vis-à-vis exposure to a particular scrip or sector. These norms are reviewed on a periodic basis and
monitored regularly.
r. Pursuant to paragraph 12.2.2 of Master Circular for Mutual Funds, no Mutual Fund under all its schemes
shall own more than 10% of debt instruments with special features issued by a single issuer
The scheme shall not invest –
a. more than 10% of its NAV of the debt portfolio of the scheme in such instruments; and
b. more than 5% of its NAV of the debt portfolio of the scheme in such instruments issued by a single
issuer.
The above investment limit for a mutual fund scheme shall be within the overall limit for debt instruments
issued by a single issuer, as specified at clause 1 of the Seventh Schedule of SEBI (Mutual Fund)
Regulations, 1996, and other prudential limits with respect to the debt instruments.
C. Fundamental Attributes
Following are the Fundamental Attributes of the scheme, in terms of Regulation 18 (15A) of the SEBI (MF)
Regulations:
(i) Type of a scheme – An open ended Dynamic Equity Scheme investing across large cap, mid cap, small
cap stocks
(ii) Investment Objective -: To provide investors with opportunities for long-term growth in capital along with
the liquidity of an open-ended scheme through an active management of investments in a diversified basket of
equity stocks spanning the entire market capitalization spectrum and in debt and money market instruments.
 Main Objective – Growth
Investment pattern - The indicative portfolio break-up with minimum and maximum asset allocation, while
retaining the option to alter the asset allocation for a short term period on defensive considerations is as detailed
in Section II - C – Scheme Asset Allocation & Investment Strategy.
(iii) Terms of Issue
Sale of Units: Magnum / Units would be offered for subscription on all business days at NAV related prices.
Liquidity: The scheme would provide repurchase facility to investors on an ongoing basis on all business days
Aggregate fee and expenses: Would be restricted to the ceilings of recurring expenses stated in Regulation
52(6) & 6A of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulation. The fee and expenses proposed to be charged by the scheme
is detailed in Section Fee and Expenses.
(iv) Any Safety Net or Guarantee provided
This Scheme does not provide any guaranteed or assured return to its Investors.
In accordance with Regulation 18(15A) of the SEBI (MF) Regulations, the Trustee shall ensure that no change
in the fundamental attributes of the Scheme thereunder or the trust or fee and expenses payable or any other
change which would modify the Scheme and affect the interests of unitholders is carried out unless:
34

--- PAGE 35 ---
i. A written communication about the proposed change is sent to each Unitholder and an advertisement is
given in one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper published in
the language of the region where the Head Office of the Mutual Fund is situated; and
ii. The Unitholders are given an option for a period of atleast 30 calendar days to exit at the prevailing Net
Asset Value without any exit load.
iii. Comments are taken from SEBI before making changes in Fundamental Attributes of the Scheme
D. Index methodology (for index funds, ETFs and FOFs having one underlying domestic ETF)-
Disclosures regarding the index, index eligibility criteria, methodology, index service provider, index
constituents, impact cost of the constituents - Not Applicable
E. Principles of incentive structure for market makers (for ETFs) - Not Applicable
F. Floors and ceiling within a range of 5% of the intended allocation against each sub class of
asset, as per clause 13.6.2 of SEBI master circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024 (only
for close ended debt schemes) - Not Applicable
G. Other Scheme Specific Disclosures:
Listing and transfer of units The Scheme being open-ended, the Units are not proposed to
be listed on any stock exchange. However, the AMC may, at
its sole discretion, list the Units on one or more stock
exchanges at a later date.
The Units under the Scheme are transferable, however,
additions/deletion of names will not be allowed under any folio
of the Scheme.
The above provisions in respect of deletion of names will not
be applicable in case of death of Unit Holder (in respect of joint
holdings) as this will be treated as transmission of Units and
not transfer.
The Units held in dematerialized form can be transferred and
transmitted in accordance with the provisions of SEBI
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2008, as may be
amended from time to time. The delivery instructions for
transfer of Units will have to be lodged with the Depository
Participant in the prescribed form and transfer will be effected
in accordance with such rules/regulations as may be in force
governing transfer of securities in dematerialized form. The
Units held in demat mode can be pledged and hypothecated
as per the provisions of Depositories Act and Rules and
Regulations framed by Depositories.
Units in SOA may be transferred subject to prevailing
AMFI/SEBI guidelines from time to time.
Dematerialization of units Pursuant to paragraph 14.4.2 of the SEBI Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024; the unit holders of the
scheme shall be provided an option to hold units in demat
form in addition to physical form.
Unit Holders opting to hold the Units in Demat form must
provide their Demat Account details in the specified section
35

--- PAGE 36 ---
of the Application Form. The Unit Holder intending to hold the
units in Demat form is required to have a beneficiary account
with the Depository Participant (DP) registered with
NSDL/CDSL and will be required to indicate in the
Application Form, the DP’s name, DP ID Number and the
beneficiary account number of the applicant with the DP. In
case of Unit Holders who do not provide their Demat Account
details, an Account Statement shall be sent to them.
The Unit holders would have an option to hold the Units in
dematerialized form. Accordingly, the Units of the Scheme
will be available in dematerialized (electronic) form. The
Applicant intending to hold Units in dematerialized form will
be required to have a beneficiary account with a Depository
Participant (DP) of the NSDL/CDSL and will be required to
mention in the application form DP's Name, DP ID No. and
Beneficiary Account No. with the DP at the time of purchasing
Units during the NFO.
Further, investors also have an option to convert their
physical holdings into the dematerialised mode at a later
date. Each Option held in the dematerialised form shall be
identified on the basis of an International Securities
Identification Number (ISIN) allotted by National Securities
Depositories Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository
Services Limited (CDSL). The ISIN No. details of the
respective option can be obtained from your Depository
Participant (DP) or you can access the website link
www.nsdl.co.in or www.cdslindia.com . The holding of units
in the dematerialised mode would be subject to the
guidelines/ procedural requirements as laid by the
Depositories viz. NSDL/CDSL from time to time.
Minimum Target amount Not Applicable
(This is the minimum amount
required to operate the scheme
and if this is not collected during
the NFO period, then all the
investors would be refunded
the amount invested
without any return.)
Maximum Amount to be No upper limit.
raised (if any)
Dividend Polic y ( ID CW )  The Trustee reserves the right to declare IDCW under the
IDCW option of the Scheme depending on the net
distributable surplus available under the Scheme.
The procedure and manner of payment of IDCW shall be in
line with Chapter 11 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual
Funds dated June 27, 2024, as amended from time to time.
 Under the Growth Plan, no IDCW will be distributed. The
returns to investors will be through capital gains at the time
they choose to repurchase any or all of their holdings.
36

--- PAGE 37 ---
Investors may refer to section “Redemption and
Repurchase” for further information.
 Under the IDCW Plan, the returns will be distributed
through declaration of IDCW on a monthly & quarterly
basis at the recommendation of the AMC. The rate of
IDCW will be decided by the Fund Manager with the
approval of the Board of Trustees. Although the Scheme
will strive to declare a regular IDCW, the declaration of
IDCW and the percentage to be distributed will depend
upon the NAV at that time, and no returns are assured.
 Investors are requested to note that amounts can be
distributed out of investors capital (Equalization Reserve),
which is part of sale price of the unit that represents
realized gains.
Allotment (Detailed procedure) The scheme is offered on an ongoing basis. Allotment will be
made to all applicants provided the applications are complete
in all respects and are in order and funds are realised. The
allotment confirmation will be sent to the investors / unit
holders registered email address and / or mobile number. The
allotment details shall get reflected in the Consolidated
Account Statement (CAS) sent by email / mail on or before
15th of the succeeding month. Application for issue of Units
will not be binding on the fund and may be rejected on account
of failure to fulfill the requirements as specified in the
application form.
Dispatch of Unit statements of account will be made as soon
as possible and in accordance with the SEBI Mutual Fund
Regulations.
Refund If application is rejected, full amount will be refunded within 5
working days of closure of NFO. If refunded later than 5
working days @ 15% p.a. for delay period will be paid and
charged to the AMC.
Who can invest Prospective investors are advised to satisfy themselves that
This is an indicative list and they are not prohibited by any law governing such entity and
investors shall consult their any Indian law from investing in the Scheme and are
financial advisor to ascertain authorized to purchase units of mutual funds as per their
whether the scheme is respective constitutions, charter documents, corporate / other
suitable to their risk profile. authorisations and relevant statutory provisions. The
following is an indicative list of persons who are generally
eligible and may apply for subscription to the Units of the
Scheme:
 Indian resident adult individuals, either singly or jointly (not
exceeding three);
 Minor through parent / lawful guardian; (please see the note
below)
 Companies, bodies corporate, public sector undertakings,
association of persons or bodies of individuals and societies
registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860;
37

--- PAGE 39 ---
- No investments (lumpsum/SIP/ switch in/ STP in etc.) in
the scheme would be allowed once the minor attains
majority i.e. 18 years of age.
Notes :
1. Non Resident Indians and Persons of Indian Origin
residing abroad (NRIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)
have been granted a general permission by Reserve Bank
of India [Schedule 5 of the Foreign Exchange
Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person
Resident Outside India) Regulations, 2000 for investing in
/ redeeming units of the mutual funds subject to conditions
set out in the aforesaid regulations.
2. In case of application under a Power of Attorney or by a
limited company or a corporate body or an eligible
institution or a registered society or a trust fund, the
original Power of Attorney or a certified true copy duly
notarised or the relevant resolution or authority to make
the application as the case may be, or duly notarised copy
thereof, alongwith a certified copy of the Memorandum
and Articles of Association and/or bye-laws and / or trust
deed and / or partnership deed and Certificate of
Registration should be submitted. The officials should sign
the application under their official designation. A list of
specimen signatures of the authorised officials, duly
certified / attested should also be attached to the
Application Form. In case of a Trust / Fund it shall submit
a resolution from the Trustee(s) authorizing such
purchases.
Applications not complying with the above are liable
to be rejected.
3. Returned cheques are liable not to be presented again for
collection, and the accompanying application forms are
liable to be rejected.
Who cannot invest It should be noted that the following entities cannot invest in
the scheme(s) :
1. Any individual who is a Foreign National, except for Non –
Resident Indians and Persons of Indian Origin (who are
not residents of United States of America or Canada),
provided such Foreign National has procured all the
relevant regulatory approvals applicable and has
complied with all applicable laws, including but not limited
to and pertaining to anti money laundering, know your
customer (KYC), income tax, foreign exchange
management (the Foreign Exchange Management Act,
1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder) ,
in the sole discretion and to the sole satisfaction of SBI
Funds Management Limited.
SBI Funds Management Limited in its capacity as an asset
manager to the SBI Mutual Fund reserves the right to
39

--- PAGE 41 ---
together with necessary remittance may be submitted before
the closing of the offer at any OPAT of SBIMF as may be
designated by AMC. Investors are requested to note that
application form is available with Investor Service
Centres(ISCs)/Official Points of Acceptance (OPAs) of SBI
Mutual Fund or can be downloaded from
https://www.sbimf.com/forms. The list of the Investor Service
Centres (ISCs)/Official Points of Acceptance (OPAs) is also
available on https://www.sbimf.com/contact-us.
The application amount in cheque shall be payable to “SBI
Flexicap Fund” The Cheques should be payable at the
Centre where the application is lodged. No outstation
cheques or stock invests will be accepted
Acceptance of financial As per AMFI Best Practice Guidelines No. 118/2024-25 dated
transactions through email in January 31, 2025 regarding the acceptance of financial
respect of non-individual investors transactions via email from non-individual investors with
effect from May 01, 2025, the following process shall be
adhered to:
1. Submission of Transactions via Email: Non-individual
investors seeking to utilize this facility must submit a Board
Resolution or Authority Letter, listing authorized officials
along with their designations and official email IDs. The
letter must explicitly confirm that financial instructions sent
via email are binding on the entity.
2. Emailing the Transaction Form with Wet Signatures:
Scanned copies of transaction request letters, duly signed
in wet ink by authorized signatories, may be submitted via
email. Such requests shall be accepted only if the sender’s
email ID belongs to the entity’s official domain and is
copied (CC) to the authorized officials' registered email
IDs.
3. Financial Transactions Submitted by Registered MFDs or
Third Parties: Signed Financial transaction form or request
letter, bearing wet signatures of authorized signatories,
may be submitted via email by a registered Mutual Fund
Distributor (MFD) of the entity or a third party. The third
party must possess an authorization letter from the non-
individual unit holder, permitting the MFD or representative
to submit scanned copies of signed transaction forms or
requests on their behalf. Additionally, such email
submission must be copied to the non-individual investor’s
registered email ID.
Terms and Conditions for Transacting via Electronic Mail:
1. Investors must be aware of the risks involved in
transacting through email, including those arising from
41

--- PAGE 42 ---
electronic transmission failures, unauthorized access, or
miscommunication.
2. The Asset Management Company (AMC) and Registrar
& Transfer Agent (RTA) shall not be liable for any
financial transaction that is either not received due to
technical or transmission issues or is incomplete, and
hence not processed.
3. Entities utilizing this facility must ensure adequate
security measures to protect email communications,
including encryption, access controls, and authentication
mechanisms.
4. The entity availing this facility must maintain records of
email-based financial transactions as per applicable laws
and regulations.
5. Any addition or deletion of authorized signatories must
follow the prescribed procedure and be notified to the
AMC through official documentation.
6. The non-individual investor must explicitly authorize the
AMC/RTA to accept and process any email transmission
from the registered email ID, including emails sent by a
registered Mutual Fund Distributor (MFD) or a third party
authorized by the investor to submit scanned transaction
requests on their behalf.
7. Changes in bank details or addition of a bank account,
change in registered email ID or contact details of an
entity shall only be permitted through the prescribed
service request form, duly signed by authorized
signatories with wet signatures.
The policy regarding reissue of Not Applicable
repurchased units, including the
maximum extent, the manner of
reissue, the entity (the scheme
or the AMC) involved in the same.
Restrictions, if any, on the right Not Applicable
to freely retain or dispose of units
being offered.
Cut off timing for subscriptions/ 3.00 pm
redemptions/ switches
This is the time before which your
application (complete in all
respects) should reach the
official points of acceptance.
Minimum amount for Minimum Investment:
purchase/redemption/switches Rs. 1,000/- & in multiples of Re.1
(mention the provisions for ETFs, Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI
as may be applicable, for direct Funds Management Limited in terms of paragraph 6.10 of the
42

--- PAGE 43 ---
subscription/redemption with SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024,
AMC) requirement for minimum application/ redemption amount will not
be applicable
Additional Purchase amount:
Rs. 1000/- & in multiples of Re.1
Minimum Redemption:
Rs. 500/- or 1 Magnum / units or account balance whichever is
lower
Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI
Funds Management Limited in line with paragraph 6.10 of the
SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024,
requirement for minimum application/ redemption amount will
not be applicable
Accounts Statements Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI Regulation, the
following shall be applicable with respect to account
statement:
The asset management company shall ensure that
consolidated account statement for each calendar month is
issued, on or before fifteenth day of succeeding month,
detailing all the transactions and holding at the end of the
month including transaction charges paid to the distributor,
across all schemes of all mutual funds, to all the investors in
whose folios transaction has taken place during that month:
Provided that the asset management company shall ensure
that a consolidated account statement every half yearly
(September/ March) is issued, on or before twenty first day of
succeeding month, detailing holding at the end of the six
month and commission paid to the distributor, across all
schemes of all mutual funds, to all such investors in whose
folios no transaction has taken place during that period.
 Provided further that the asset management company shall
identify common investor across fund houses by their
permanent account number for the purposes of sending
consolidated account statement.
 Account Statements for investors holding demat
accounts: Subsequent account statement may be obtained
from the depository participants with whom the investor
holds the DP account.
 The asset management company shall issue units in
dematerialized form to a unitholder of the Scheme within two
working days of the receipt of request from the unitholder.
In terms of SEBI Circular No. IR/MRD/DP/31/2014 dated
November 12, 2014 on Consolidated Account Statement,
investors having Demat account has an option to receive
consolidated account statement:
43

--- PAGE 44 ---
• Investors having MF investments and holding securities in
Demat account shall receive a single Consolidated Account
Statement (CAS) from the Depository.
• Consolidation of account statement shall be done on the
basis of Permanent Account Number (PAN). In case of
multiple holding, it shall be PAN of the first holder and pattern
of holding. The CAS shall be generated on a monthly basis.
• If there is any transaction in any of the Demat accounts of the
investor or in any of his mutual fund folios, depositories shall
send the CAS within twelve (12) days from the month end and
to investors that have opted for delivery via physical mode,
within fifteen (15) days from the month end w.e.f May 14,
2025 pursuant to SEBI Circular No.
SEBI/HO/MRD/PoD1/CIR/P/2025/16 dated February 14,
2025. In case, there is no transaction in any of the mutual fund
folios and demat accounts then CAS with holding details shall
be sent to the investor on half yearly basis. The depositories
shall dispatch the CAS to investors that have opted for e-CAS
on or before the eighteenth (18th) day of April and October
and to investors that have opted for delivery via physical
mode by the twenty first (21st) day of April and October.
• In case an investor has multiple accounts across two
depositories, the depository with whom the account has been
opened earlier will be the default depository.
If the Unit holder desires to hold the Units in a Dematerialized/
Rematerialized form at a later date, the request for conversion
of units held in Account Statement (non demat) form into Demat
(electronic) form or vice versa should be submitted alongwith a
Demat/Remat Request Form to their Depository Participants.
However, the Trustee / AMC reserves the right to change the
dematerialization / rematerialization process in accordance
with the procedural requirements laid down by the
Depositories, viz. NSDL/ CDSL and/or in accordance with the
provisions laid under the Depositories Act, 1996 and the
Regulations thereunder.
Investors will be issued a Unit Statement of Account in
accordance with the Regulations.in accordance with the
Regulations. All Units will rank pari passu, among Units within
the same Option in the Scheme concerned as to assets,
earnings and the receipt of IDCW distributions, if any, as may
be declared by the Trustee
For further details, refer SAI.
Dividend/ IDCW The payment of dividend/IDCW to the unitholders shall be
made within seven working days from the record date.
44

--- PAGE 45 ---
Redemption The redemption or repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched
to the unitholders within three working days from the date of
redemption or repurchase.
For list of exceptional circumstances refer para 14.1.3 of SEBI
Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024
Bank Mandate As per the directives issued by SEBI it is mandatory for an
investor to declare his/her bank account number. To
safeguard the interest of Unitholders from loss or theft of their
refund orders/redemption cheques, investors are requested
to provide their bank details in the Application Form. The Bank
Account details as mentioned with the Depository should be
mentioned.
If depository account details furnished in the application form
are invalid or not confirmed in the depository system, the
application may be rejected.
Delay in payment of redemption / The Asset Management Company shall be liable to pay interest
repurchase proceeds/dividend to the unitholders at rate as specified vide clause 14.2 of SEBI
Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024 by
SEBI for the period of such delay presently @ 15% per annum).
Unclaimed Redemption and Income In line with SEBI master circular No. SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-
Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal 1/P/CIR/2023/74 dated June 27, 2024, unclaimed redemption
Amount and IDCW amounts are being deployed by the mutual funds
in call money market or money market instruments only and
the investors who claim these amounts during a period of
three years from the due date shall be paid at the prevailing
Net Asset Value. After a period of three years, this amount is
being transferred to a pool account and the investors can
claim the amount at NAV prevailing at the end of the third
year. The income earned on such funds may be used for the
purpose of investor education. The AMC would make
continuous effort to remind the investors through letters to
take their unclaimed amounts. The investment management
fee charged by the AMC for managing unclaimed amounts
shall not exceed 50 basis points.
Further in accordance with SEBI Circular no.
SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/74 dated May 31,
2023, list of Investors in whose folios there are unclaimed
IDCW / redemption amount is disclosed on the website of SBI
MF (www.sbimf.com).
45

--- PAGE 46 ---
Disclosure w.r.t investment b y Payment for investment by means of Cheque, or any other
minors mode shall be accepted from the bank account of the minor
or parent or legal guardian of the minor, or from a joint account
of the minor with parent or legal guardian..
Mutual Fund will send an intimation to Unit holders advising
the minor (on attaining majority) to submit an application form
along with prescribed documents to change the status of the
account from ‘minor’ to ‘major’.
All transactions / standing instructions / systematic
transactions etc. will be suspended i.e. the Folio will be frozen
for operation by the guardian from the date of beneficiary child
completing 18 years of age, till the status of the minor is
changed to major. Upon the minor attaining the status of
major, the minor in whose name the investment was made,
shall be required to provide all the KYC details, updated bank
account details including cancelled original cheque leaf of the
new bank account.
No investments (lumpsum/SIP/ switch in/ STP in etc.) in the
scheme would be allowed once the minor attains majority i.e.
18 years of age.
Plans / Options offered The Scheme would have two plans viz. Regular plan & Direct
plan.
Direct Plan:
Direct Plan is only for investors who purchase /subscribe
Units in a Scheme directly with the Mutual Fund or through
Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) and is not available for
investors who route their investments through a Distributor.
All the features of the Direct Plan under Scheme like the
investment objective, asset allocation pattern, investment
strategy, risk factors, facilities offered, load structure etc. will
be the same except for a lower expense ratio as detailed in
Section IV – Fees and Expenses – B. – Annual Recurring
Expenses. Brokerage/Commission paid to distributors will not
be paid / charged under the Direct Plan. Both the plans shall
have a common portfolio.
Eligible investors: All categories of investors as permitted
under the Scheme Information Document of the Scheme are
eligible to subscribe under Direct Plan.
Modes for applying: Investments under Direct Plan can be
made through various modes offered by the Mutual Fund for
investing directly with the Mutual Fund.
How to apply:
 Investors desirous of subscribing under Direct Plan of a
Scheme will have to ensure to indicate “Direct Plan” against
the Scheme name in the application form.
46

--- PAGE 48 ---
be processed at the Folio / Scheme level and not at individual
transaction level. Accordingly, any change in IDCW option
(IDCW Re-investment/ IDCW Payout) will reflect for all the
units held under the scheme / folio.
Note - If the payable IDCW amount is less than or equal to
Rs. 500/-, the same will be compulsorily reinvested in the
respective Scheme(s)/Plan(s)/Option(s) irrespective of the
IDCW facility selected by investor. If the IDCW amount
payable is greater than Rs. 500/- then it will be either
reinvested or paid as per the mandate selected by the
investor.
Special Products (i) Systematic Investment Plan
For investors, the fund offers a Systematic Investment
Plan (SIP) at all our Official point of acceptance of SBI MF’s
locations. Under this Facility, an investor can invest a fixed
amount per frequency. This facility will help the investor to
average out their cost of investment over a period of six
months or one year and thus overcome the short-term
fluctuations in the market.
The Scheme offers Daily, weekly, Monthly, Quarterly,
Semi-Annual & Annual Systematic Investment Plan.
a) Terms and conditions for Daily SIP are as follows:
 Minimum Investment Amount: INR 500 and multiples of
INR 1 thereafter. Minimum number of instalments
would be 12.
 SIP Top up facility would not be available under this
facility
 Investors enrolling for Daily SIP should select “As &
when presented” as payment frequency in the OTM.
b) Terms & conditions for Monthly, Quarterly , Semi-Annual
and Annual Systematic investment plan are as follows:
 Monthly – Minimum Rs. 1000 & in multiples of Re. 1
thereafter for minimum 6 months or Minimum Rs. 500
& in multiples of Re. 1 thereafter for minimum 12
months
 Quarterly - Minimum Rs. 1500 & in multiples of Re. 1
thereafter for minimum 1 year
 Semi-annual and Annual Systematic Investment Plan -
Minimum amount of investment will be Rs. 3,000 and
in multiples of Re.1 thereafter for Semi-Annual SIP &
Rs. 5,000 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter in case of
Annual SIP. Minimum number of installments will be 4.
c) Weekly Systematic Investment Plan
The terms & conditions for the weekly SIP are as follows:
48

--- PAGE 49 ---
 Minimum amount for weekly SIP :
 Rs. 1000 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter with
minimum number of 6 installments.
 Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter with
minimum number of 12 installments
 Date based feature - Weekly SIP will be done on 1st,
8th, 15th & 22nd of the month
 In case the date of SIP falls on a Non-Business Day,
then the immediate following Business Day will be
considered for the purpose of transfer.
 In Day based feature, investors may select any Day of
the Week viz. Monday/ Tuesday/ Wednesday/
Thursday/ Friday on which Weekly SIP/STP/SWP
instalment shall be processed and in case any of these
days is a non-business day then the immediate next
business day will be considered for processing.
 In case investor selects Weekly frequency and also
selects both Day based and Date -based Weekly SIP,
default will be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SIP.
 In case investor selects Weekly frequency and does
not select Day based or Date -based Weekly SIP,
default will be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SIP.
 If investor selects Day based Weekly SIP but does not
mention ‘Day’ on which the Weekly SIP instalment to
be processed, then ‘Wednesday’ will be considered as
the default Day.
 In case start date is mentioned but end date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered for
perpetual period.
Default option between Daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly,
semi-annual and annual SIP will be Monthly.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or discontinue
this facility at any time in future on prospective basis.
d) Any Day SIP’ Facility
Under ‘Any Day SIP facility’, investor can register SIP for
any day for the frequencies i.e. Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-
Annual and Annual through electronic mode like OTM /
Debit Mandate. Accordingly, under ‘Any Day SIP facility’,
investors can select any date from 1st to 30th of a month
as SIP date (for February, the last business day would be
considered if SIP date selected is 29th & 30th of a month).
49

--- PAGE 50 ---
Default SIP date will be 10th. In case the SIP due date is a
Non Business Day, then the immediate following Business
Day will be considered for SIP processing.
The AMC provides SIP debit facility through NACH
participating banks and select direct debit banks
Completed application form, SIP debit mandate form and the
first cheque should be submitted at least 20 days before the
transaction date. Investors should mandatorily give a cheque
for the first transaction drawn on the same bank account.
The application form, mandate form along with the cancelled
cheque / photocopy of the cheque should be sent to Official
point of acceptance of SBI MF.
Existing investors are required to submit only the SIP Debit
mandate form indicating the existing folio number and the
investment details as in the SIP debit form along with the first
cheque and the Cancelled cheque / Photocopy of the cheque.
 Fixed-end Period SIP
Investors can opt for a SIP for a period of 3 years, 5 years,
10 years, and 15 years in addition to the existing end date
& perpetual SIP options.
Terms and conditions of Fixed-end period for SIP are as
follows:
 If the investor does not specify the end date of SIP, the
default period for the SIP will be considered as perpetual.
 If the investor does not specify the date of SIP, the default
date will be considered as 10th of every month.
 If the investor does not specify the frequency of SIP, the
default frequency will be considered as Monthly.
 If the investor does not specify the plan option, the default
option would be considered as Growth option.
 If investor specifies the end date and also the fixed end
period, the end date would be considered.
Top-up SIP
Top-up SIP is a facility whereby an investor has an option to
increase the amount of the SIP installment by a fixed
amount at pre-defined intervals. This will enhance the
flexibility of the investor to invest higher amounts during the
tenure of the SIP.
Terms and conditions of Top-up SIP are as follows:
 The Top-up option must be specified by the investors
while enrolling for the SIP facility.
50

--- PAGE 51 ---
 The minimum SIP Top-up amount is Rs. 500 and in
multiples of Rs. 500.
 The Top-up details cannot be modified once enrolled.
In order to make any changes, the investor must cancel
the existing SIP and enroll for a fresh SIP with Top-up
option.
 In case of Monthly SIP, Half-yearly as well as Yearly
frequency are available under SIP Top-up. If the
investor does not specify the frequency, the default
frequency for Top-up will be considered as Half-yearly.
 In case of Quarterly SIP, only the Yearly frequency is
available under SIP Top-up.
 Top-up SIP will be allowed in all schemes in which SIP
facility is being offered.
 All other terms & conditions applicable for regular SIP
will also be applicable to Top-up SIP.
 SIP Top-up facility shall be available for SIP
Investments through ECS (Debit Clearing) / Direct
debit facility only
Top-up SIP Facility:
Top-up SIP is a facility whereby an investor has an option to
increase the SIP instalment by a fixed amount or based on a
fixed percentage at pre-defined intervals. This will enhance
the flexibility of the investor to invest higher amounts during
the tenure of the SIP.
Terms and conditions of Top-up SIP facility are as follows:
1. Investors can either opt for fixed amount SIP Top-up or
percentage SIP Top-Up option. In case investors selects
both the options, percentage based SIP Top-Up option
would be made applicable. In case the investor selects
multiple percentage SIP Top-up options under percentage
based SIP Top-Up option, the lower percentage would be
considered.
2. The minimum SIP Top-up amount under fixed amount SIP
Top-up is Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500. The
minimum Top-up percentage would be 5% of the SIP
amount and in multiples of 5% thereof.
3. If the Top-up % is not in multiples of 5, it will be rounded
down to nearest multiple of 5. The Top-up amount would
be rounded off to the nearest Rs. 10.
4. Percentage SIP Top-up would be computed on the
immediately preceding SIP instalment value as on the SIP
Top-Up trigger date.
5. The Top-up details cannot be modified once enrolled. In
order to make any changes, the investor must cancel the
existing SIP and enroll for a fresh SIP with Top-up option.
6. In case of Monthly SIP, Half-yearly as well as Yearly
frequency are available for Top-up. If the investor does not
specify the frequency, the default frequency for Top-up will
be considered as Half-yearly.
51

--- PAGE 52 ---
7. In case of Quarterly SIP, only the Yearly frequency is
available for Top-up.
8. Top up facility will not be applicable for SIP frequencies
other than Monthly & Quarterly. SIP Top-up facility will be
allowed in all schemes in which SIP facility is being
offered.
9. All other terms & conditions applicable for regular SIP will
also be applicable to Top-up SIP.
10. The AMC/Trustee reserves the right to terminate or modify
the conditions of the Facility at its discretion.
Top-up SIP Cap Facility:
Under this option, post selecting SIP Top-up option, the
investor can define the maximum SIP Top-up Cap, beyond
which the SIP instalment will not increase in future. The
investor shall have the flexibility to choose either Top-Up
SIP Cap amount or Top-Up SIP Cap Month-Year. In case
of multiple selection, Top-Up SIP Cap amount will be
considered as default selection.
Terms and conditions of Top-up SIP Cap facility are as follows:
 Top-up SIP Cap Amount: Investor has an option to fix the
Top-up SIP amount i.e. maximum SIP instalment including
Top-Up amount. The pre-defined amount should be equal
to or lesser than the maximum amount mentioned by the
investor in One Time Mandate Form (OTM). The instalment
amount after Top-up shall not exceed the amount
mentioned in OTM at any given time.
 In case of difference between the Top-Up SIP Cap Amount
& OTM Debit Mandate, then amount which is lower of the
two shall be considered as the Top-up SIP Cap amount.
 If SIP amount (including SIP Top-up amount) reaches the
Top-up Cap before the end of SIP tenure, the SIP Top up
will cease and SIP instalment amount will remain constant
for remaining SIP Tenure.
 Top-up SIP Cap Month-Year: It is the month from which SIP
Top-up amount will cease and last SIP instalment including
Top-Up amount will remain constant till the end of SIP
tenure.
 If none of the above options is selected by the investor, the
SIP Top-up will continue as per the SIP end date subject to
the maximum amount mentioned in OTM Form.
The AMC/Trustee reserves the right to terminate or modify
the conditions of the Facility at its discretion.
(ii) Systematic Withdrawal Plan
Under SWP, a minimum amount of Rs. 500/- can be
withdrawn every month or quarter or weekly or half yearly
or on an annual basis by indicating in the application form
or by issuing advance instructions to the Registrar at any
time. Investors may indicate the month and year from
52

--- PAGE 53 ---
which SWP should commence along with the frequency.
SWP can be processed on any day of the month in case of
all the other frequencies other than weekly SWP and 1st /
8th / 15th / 22nd of every month in case of Weekly
SWP(Date based feature) and payment would be credited
to the registered bank mandate account of the investor
through Direct Credit or cheques would be issued. In case
any of these days is a non-business day then the
immediately next business day will be considered.
If no date is mentioned, 10th will be considered as the default
date.
In Day based feature, investors may select any Day of the
Week viz. Monday/ Tuesday/ Wednesday/ Thursday/ Friday
on which Weekly SWP instalment shall be processed and in
case any of these days is a non-business day then the
immediate next business day will be considered for
processing.
In case investor selects Weekly frequency and also selects
both Day based and Date -based Weekly SWP, default will be
considered as ‘Day based Weekly SWP’.
In case investor selects Weekly frequency and does not select
Day based or Date -based Weekly SWP, default will be
considered as ‘Day based Weekly SWP’.
If investor selects Day based Weekly SWP but does not
mention ‘Day’ on which the Weekly SWP instalment to be
processed, then ‘Wednesday’ will be considered as the
default Day.
If no frequency mentioned, ‘Monthly’ will be considered as the
default frequency. If ‘End date’ not mentioned, the same will
be considered as ‘Perpetual’.
SWP entails redemption of certain number of Magnums / Unit
that represents the amount withdrawn. Thus it will be treated
as capital gains for tax purposes.
The complete application form for enrolment / termination for
SWP should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to the desired
commencement/ termination date.
Any Day SWP’ Facility:
Investors are requested to note that it is decided to introduce
‘Any Day SWP facility’ in all the eligible open-ended schemes
of SBI Mutual Fund. Under ‘Any Day SWP facility’, investor
can register SWP for any day for the frequencies i.e. Monthly,
Quarterly, Semi-Annual and Annual. Accordingly, under ‘Any
Day SWP facility’, investors can select any date from 1st to
30th of a month as SWP date (for February, the last business
day would be considered if SWP date selected is 29th & 30th
53

--- PAGE 54 ---
of a month). In case the SWP due date is a Non Business Day,
then the immediate following Business Day will be considered
for SWP processing. For weekly frequency, SWP will continue
to remain available only on 1st / 8th / 15th / 22nd of every
month.
(iii) Systematic Transfer Plan
Systematic Transfer Plan is a combination of systematic
withdrawal from one scheme and systematic investment
into another scheme. Therefore the minimum amount of
withdrawals applicable under SWP would be applicable to
STP also. Similarly the minimum investments applicable
for each scheme under SIP would be applicable to STP.
The complete application form for enrolment / termination
for STP should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to the
desired commencement/ termination date. STP facility
would allow investors to transfer a predetermined amount
or units from one scheme of the Mutual Fund to the other.
The transfer would be effected on any business day as
decided by the investor at the time of opting for this facility.
STP would be permitted for a minimum period of six
months between two schemes. The transfer would be
affected on the same date of every month (or on the
subsequent business day, if the date of first transfer is a
holiday) on which the first transfer was affected. STP can
be terminated by giving advance notice to the Registrars.
STP is available in all open-ended schemes as source and
target schemes (except Daily/Weekly IDCW Options of all
schemes as both source and target schemes) for STPs of
all available frequencies.
Terms and conditions of monthly & quarterly STP:
STP would be permitted for a minimum period of six months
between two schemes. The transfer would be affected on the
same date of every month (or on the subsequent business day,
if the date of transfer is a holiday) on which the first transfer was
affected. STP can be terminated by giving advance notice of
minimum 7 days to the Registrars. In respect of STP
transactions, an investor would now be permitted to transfer
any amount from the switchout scheme, subject to:
Monthly – Minimum Rs. 1000 & in multiples of Re. 1 thereafter
for minimum 6 months or Minimum Rs. 500 & in multiples of
Re. 1 thereafter for minimum 12 months
Quarterly - Minimum Rs. 1500 & in multiples of Re. 1 thereafter
for minimum 1 year
Where, SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund is the target scheme,
Minimum number of installments for monthly STP & quarterly
STP shall be 6.
54

--- PAGE 55 ---
STP can be done without any restriction on maintaining the
minimum balance requirement as stipulated for the switch out
scheme.
Terms and conditions of daily & weekly STP:
1. Under this facility, investor can transfer a predetermined
amount from one scheme (Source Scheme) to the other
scheme (Target Scheme) on daily basis / weekly basis.
2. Minimum amount of STP for SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund will
be Rs. 500 & in multiples of Rs. 500 for both daily & weekly
STP and for other funds the minimum amount of STP will
be Rs. 500 & in multiple of Re. 1 for daily STP & Rs. 1000
& in multiple of Re. 1 for weekly STP.
3. Minimum number of installments will be 12 for daily STP & 6
for weekly STP.
4. Minimum number of installments where SBI ELSS Tax Saver
Fund is target scheme for daily and weekly STP is 6.
5. Weekly STP will be done on 1st, 8th, 15th & 22nd of every
month(Date based STP). In case any of these days is a
non business day then the immediate next business day
will be considered.
6. The complete application form for enrolment / termination for
STP should be submitted, at least 7 days prior to the
desired commencement/ termination date.
7. Exit load shall be as is applicable in the target/source
schemes.
8. Minimum number of installments where SBI ELSS Tax Saver
Fund is target scheme for daily and weekly STP is 6.
9. In Day based feature, investors may select any Day of the
Week viz. Monday/ Tuesday/ Wednesday/ Thursday/
Friday on which Weekly STP instalment shall be processed
and in case any of these days is a non-business day then
the immediate next business day will be considered for
processing.
10. In case investor selects Weekly frequency and also selects
both Day based and Date -based Weekly STP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly STP.
11. In case investor selects Weekly frequency and does not
select Day based or Date -based Weekly STP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SIP/STP/SWP’.
12. If investor selects Day based Weekly STP but does not
mention ‘Day’ on which the Weekly STP instalment to be
processed, then ‘Wednesday’ will be considered as the
default Day.
Default frequency for STP is Monthly & default date for the start
of STP is 10th.
 Flex Systematic Transfer Plan in all the open-ended
schemes of SBI Mutual Fund offering Systematic Transfer
Plan (STP) facility:
55

--- PAGE 56 ---
Flex Systematic Transfer Plan is a facility wherein an investor
under a designated open-ended Scheme can opt to transfer
variable amounts linked to the value of his investments on the
date of transfer at pre-determined intervals from designated
open-ended scheme (source scheme) to the Growth option of
another open-ended scheme (target scheme).
Terms and conditions of Flex STP are as follows:
 The amount to be transferred under Flex STP from
source scheme to target scheme shall be calculated
using the below formula:
Flex STP amount = [(fixed amount to be transferred per
installment x number of installments already executed,
including the current installment) - market value of the
investments through Flex STP in the Transferee Scheme
on the date of transfer]
 The first Flex STP installment will be processed for the
fixed installment amount specified by the investor at the
time of enrolment. From the second Flex STP
installment onwards, the transfer amount shall be
computed as per formula stated above.
 Flex STP would be available for Weekly, Monthly and
Quarterly frequencies.
 Weekly Flex STP can be done on 1st / 8th / 15th / 22nd
of every month.
 Flex STP is available from “Daily / Weekly” IDCW plans
of the source schemes.
 Flex STP is available only in “Growth” option of the
target scheme.
 If there is any other financial transaction (purchase,
redemption or switch) processed in the target scheme
during the tenure of Flex STP, the Flex STP will be
processed as normal STP for the rest of the
installments for a fixed amount.
 A single Flex STP Enrolment Form can be filled for
transfer into one Scheme/Plan/Option only.
 In case the date of transfer falls on a Non-Business
Day, then the immediate following Business Day will be
considered for the purpose of determining the
applicability of NAV.
 In case the amount (as per the formula) to be
transferred is not available in the source scheme in the
investor’s folio, the residual amount will be transferred
to the target scheme and Flex STP will be closed.
 The complete application form for enrolment /
termination for Flex STP should be submitted, at least
10 days prior to the desired commencement/
termination date.
 All other terms & conditions of Systematic Transfer
Plan are also applicable to Flex STP.
56

--- PAGE 57 ---
Swing STP
Swing STP is a facility wherein investor can opt to transfer
an amount at regular intervals from source scheme of SBI
Mutual Fund (SBIMF) to a target scheme of SBIMF
including a feature of reverse transfer from target scheme
into the source scheme, in order to achieve the targeted
market value on each transfer date in the target scheme.
This ensures that the market value on each date of the
transfer rises by a specified amount at every frequency
irrespective of the market price. For example if investor
decides that the value of their investment in the target
scheme should appreciate by Rs. 1000 per month, then
each month investor will invest only to the extent of the
shortfall. If appreciation in the target scheme is higher than
the target value then this excess value is reverse
transferred to the source scheme. Thus the amount to be
transferred will be arrived at on the basis of the difference
between the target market value and the actual market
value of the holdings in the target scheme on the date of
transfer.
Terms & conditions of Swing STP are as follows:
 Source scheme: All open ended schemes (Excluding
SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund and ETF schemes) of SBI
Mutual Fund.
 Target scheme: Growth option in all open ended
schemes (Excluding SBI ELSS Tax Saver and ETF
schemes) of SBI Mutual Fund.
 Frequency: Weekly, Monthly and Quarterly intervals. In
case the Frequency is not indicated, Monthly frequency
shall be treated as the Default Frequency.
 Dates: The dates of transfers/ default dates shall be as
under:
Frequency Dates of Transfers Default
Date
Weekly 1st, 8th, 15th & 22nd of -
Interval every month
Monthly 1st, 5th, 10th, 15th, 20th, 10th of
Interval 25th & 30th every
In case of February month
last working day)
Quarterly 1st, 5th, 10th, 15th, 20th, 10th of
Interval 25th & 30th (In case of every
February last working quarter
day) The beginning of
the quarter could be
any month e.g.
January, May,
November, etc.
57

--- PAGE 58 ---
I In case the date of transfer falls on a non-Business Day, the
immediate next Business day will be considered for the
purpose of determining the applicability of NAV and
processing the transaction.
 The minimum amount for the first installment shall be
as follows:
 Weekly & Monthly frequency: Rs. 1,000 and in
multiples of Re. 1
 Quarterly frequency: Rs. 3,000 and in multiples of Re.
1
 Minimum number of installments
 Weekly & Monthly frequency: 12
 Quarterly frequency: 4
 If there is any other financial transaction (purchase /
redemption / switch / SIP / DTP etc.) processed in the
target scheme/plan/option during the tenure of Swing
STP, the Swing STP will be processed as normal STP
for the rest of the installments for the fixed amount.
 Amount of transfer: The first Swing STP installment will
be processed for the installment amount specified by
the investor at the time of enrollment. From the second
Swing STP installment onwards, the transfer amount
will be derived by the following formula:
(First installment amount X Number of installments including
the current installment) – Market Value of the investments
through Swing STP in the target scheme/plan/option on the
date of transfer.
In case on the STP date, the amount (as specified above)
to be transferred is not available in the source
scheme/plan/option in the investor’s folio, the residual
amount will be transferred to the target scheme/plan/option
and Swing STP will be closed. Investors have an option to
consider earlier investments in the target scheme for
calculating Swing STP amount.
 Reverse Transfer: On the date of transfer, if the market
value of the investments in the target
scheme/plan/option through Swing STP is higher than
the target market value (first installment amount X
number of installments including the current
installment), then a reverse transfer will be effected
from the target scheme/plan/option to the source
scheme/plan/option to the extent of the difference in
the amount, in order to arrive at the target market
value.
 Top-up option: Investor can choose Swing STP based
on fixed amount installment and additionally investor
has an option to choose top-up option. Under this,
investor can indicate an absolute amount or
percentage (in annualized terms) by which each
installment amount will be increased. Amount of
transfer will be calculated by taking into consideration
of the target market value (including top-up amount)
58

--- PAGE 59 ---
and actual market value of the investments in the target
scheme.
o Amount of transfer: The first Swing STP installment
will be processed for the first installment amount
specified by the investor at the time of enrollment.
From the second Swing STP installment onwards,
the transfer amount will be derived by the following
formula:
In case Top-up amount mentioned as absolute amount:
Target market value Minus Market Value of the investments
through Swing STP in the target scheme/plan/option on the
date of transfer.
Target market value = (Target market value at the time of
last installment + First installment amount + (Top-up
absolute amount X Number of installments excluding the
current installment)).
Minimum amount for Top-up (absolute amount):
 Weekly & Monthly frequency: Rs. 50 per installment
and in multiples of Re. 1
 Quarterly frequency: Rs. 100 per installment and in
multiples of Re. 1
In case Top-up amount mentioned in percentage:
Target Market Value less Market Value of the investments
through Swing STP in the target scheme on the date of
transfer.
Target Market Value = (Target market value at the time of
last installment + First installment amount + (Target value at
the time of last installment X Top-up percentage/ No. of
periods))
No. of periods will be considered as below:
 For weekly frequency – 48
 For monthly frequency – 12
 For quarterly frequency – 4
Minimum percentage for Top-up (percentage option): 12% per
annum
 A single STP enrolment Form can be submitted for
transfer into one Scheme/Plan/Option only.
 The redemption/switch-out of units allotted in the target
scheme shall be processed on First In First Out (FIFO)
basis.
 The provision of ‘Minimum Redemption Amount’ as
specified in the Scheme Information Document of the
source scheme (target scheme in case of Reverse
Transfer) and ‘Minimum Purchase Amount’ specified in
the Scheme Information Document of the target
scheme (source scheme in case of Reverse Transfer)
will not be applicable for Swing STP.
 The application for enrollment / termination for Swing
STP should be submitted at least 10 days before the
desired commencement / termination date.
59

--- PAGE 60 ---
 In case the Start Date is not mentioned, the application
will be registered after expiry of 10 days from
submission of the application as per the default date
i.e. 10th of each month / quarter (or the immediately
succeeding Business Day). In case the End Date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered for
perpetual period.
 Load structure prevalent in source & target schemes
(for reverse transfer) at the time of Swing STP
registration will be applicable during the tenure of the
Swing STP.
 Swing STP will be automatically terminated if balance
is not available in the source scheme/plan/option on
the date of Swing STP installment processing.
 The Swing STP Facility is available only for units held
in Non - demat Mode in the source and target schemes.
The Trustees / AMC reserves the right to change / modify the
terms and conditions of the Swing STP or withdraw the Swing
STP facility at the later date.
Capital Appreciation Systematic Transfer Plan (CASTP):
Under this facility investors can transfer capital appreciation
from their invested scheme (source scheme) to another open-
ended scheme (target scheme). The salient features and
terms & conditions of CASTP are given below:
 Source scheme: This facility is available under Growth
option of all open ended schemes [except Equity
Linked Savings Scheme & Exchange Traded Funds
(ETFs)] of SBI Mutual Fund.
 Target scheme: All open ended schemes except ETFs
and daily IDCW options.
 Frequency: CASTP offers transfer facility at weekly
(1st. 8th, 15th & 22nd), monthly & quarterly intervals.
 Amount to be transferred: Capital appreciation, if any,
will be transferred to the target Scheme, subject to
minimum of Rs. 100 on any business day.
 Minimum number of installments:
 Weekly & monthly frequency – six installments
 Quarterly frequency - four installments.
 Capital appreciation, if any, will be calculated from the
enrolment date of the CASTP under the folio, till the
first transfer date. Subsequent capital appreciation, if
any, will be the capital appreciation between the
previous CASTP date (where CASTP has been
processed and transferred) and the current CASTP
date.
 The application for enrolment / termination for CASTP
should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to the
desired commencement/ termination date.
60

--- PAGE 61 ---
 In case Start Date is mentioned but End Date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered for
perpetual period.
 In case End Date is mentioned but Start Date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered after the
expiry of 10 days from the submission of the application
for the date of the transfer mentioned in the application,
provided the minimum number of installments is met.
 Minimum investment requirement in the target scheme
and minimum redemption amount in the source
scheme is not be applicable for CASTP.
 Default options:
o Between Regular STP, Flex STP and CASTP –
Regular STP
o Between weekly, monthly & quarterly frequency –
Monthly frequency
o Default date for monthly and quarterly frequency –
10th
 Investor can register only one CASTP for transfer from
a source scheme.
 In case the date of transfer falls on a Non-Business
Day, then the immediate following Business Day will be
considered for the purpose of transfer.
 Exit load shall be as applicable in the target/source
schemes.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or
discontinue this facility at any time in future on prospective
basis.
Switchover facility
Unit holders under the scheme will have the facility of
switchover between the two Options in the scheme at NAV.
Switchover between this scheme and other scheme of the
Mutual Fund would be at NAV related prices. Switchovers
would be at par with redemption from the outgoing
option/Plan/scheme and would attract the applicable tax
provisions and load at the time of switchover.
SIP Pause facility Under SIP pause facility, the investor shall have option to
discontinue their SIP temporarily for specific number of
instalments. The terms and conditions of SIP Pause facility
shall be as follows:
1. Investors can pause their SIP at any time by filling SIP
pause form and submitting the same at any branch of
SBIMF/CAMS. Pause request should be received 15
days prior to the subsequent SIP date.
2. SIP Pause facility is available for SIP registration with
Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual, and Annual
frequency.
3. SIP shall restart immediately after the completion of
Pause period.
4. SIP Pause facility will allow investor to ‘Pause’ their
existing SIP during the tenure of SIP across all
61

--- PAGE 62 ---
frequencies for a period upto one year. The actual
number of instalments that will get paused will be as per
the SIP frequency.
5.Investors can avail this facility multiple times in the tenure
of the existing SIP.
6. SIP Pause facility will not be available for the SIPs
sourced/registered through MFU, Exchange & Channel
platforms as the mandate is registered by them.
7. If the SIP Pause period is coinciding with the Top-Up
facility, the SIP instalment amount post completion of
pause period would be inclusive of SIP Top-up amount.
For e.g. SIP instalment amount prior to Pause period is
Rs. 2,000/- and Top-up amount is Rs. 1,000/-. If the
pause period is completed after date of Top-up, then the
SIP instalment amount post completion of pause period
shall be Rs.3,000/-.
8. In case of multiple SIPs registered in a scheme, SIP
Pause facility will be made applicable only for those SIP
instalments whose SIP date, frequency, amount and
Scheme/Plan is specified in the form. Further for different
or multiple SIP mandate in the same scheme, separate
SIP Pause Forms are required to be submitted for each
SIP mandate.
9. The AMC reserves the right to terminate this facility or
modify the conditions of the SIP Pause facility at its
discretion.
10. In case of discrepancies in the information provided in
the SIP Pause Form and the details registered with the
AMC, the details registered with the AMC shall be
considered for processing or in case of ambiguity in the
SIP Pause Form, the AMC reserves the right to reject the
SIP Pause Form.
11. Investor cannot cancel the SIP Pause once registered.
MITRA SIP ‘MITRA SIP’ is a facility that allows investor to make initial
investment through Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) and
after completion of specific tenure switch the units to another
Scheme or continue to remain in the Same Scheme as per
the option selected by the investor and Systematic
Withdrawal through SWP from the target scheme.
Terms and Conditions for MITRA SIP
1. MITRA SIP facility is available under select schemes of
SBI Mutual Fund for a fixed SIP tenure of either 8 years,
10 years, 12 years, 15 years, 20 years, 25 years or 30
years.
2. This facility is allowed under ‘Monthly’ frequency for
Growth option of the schemes mentioned in point 3
below.
3. Schemes eligible for SIP, Switch-in and SWP: The
target scheme can either be the Source Scheme (i.e.
62

--- PAGE 63 ---
SIP scheme) or any one of the pre-defined schemes
mentioned below.
Name of Schemes (for Name of Schemes (for
SIP) Switch and SWP)
SBI ESG Exclusionary SBI Conservative Hybrid
Strategy Fund Fund
SBI Large & Midcap Fund SBI Multi Asset Allocation
Fund
SBI MNC Fund SBI Large Cap Fund
SBI Equity Hybrid Fund SBI Arbitrage
Opportunities Fund
SBI Consumption SBI Short Term Debt Fund
Opportunities Fund
SBI Technology SBI Banking & PSU Fund
Opportunities Fund
SBI Healthcare SBI Equity Savings Fund
Opportunities Fund
SBI Contra Fund SBI Balanced Advantage
Fund
SBI Nifty Index Fund SBI Equity Hybrid Fund
SBI Focused Fund
SBI Conservative Hybrid
Fund
SBI Midcap Fund
SBI Comma Fund
SBI Flexicap Fund
SBI Multi Asset Allocation
Fund
SBI Large Cap Fund
SBI Infrastructure Fund
SBI PSU Fund
SBI Small Cap Fund
SBI Banking & Financial
Services Fund
SBI Equity Minimum
Variance Fund
SBI US Specific Equity
Active FoF
SBI Nifty Next 50 Index
Fund
SBI Balanced Advantage
Fund
SBI Multicap Fund
SBI Nifty Midcap 150
Index Fund
SBI Nifty Smallcap 250
Index Fund
SBI Dividend Yield Fund
SBI BSE Sensex Index
63

--- PAGE 64 ---
Fund
SBI Nifty50 Equal Weight
Index Fund
SBI Energy Opportunities
Fund
SBI Automotive
Opportunities Fund
SBI Nifty 500 Index Fund
SBI Nifty India
Consumption Index Fund
SBI Nifty Bank Index
Fund
SBI Nifty IT Index Fund
SBI Quant Fund
SBI Innovative
Opportunities Fund
SBI BSE PSU Bank Index
Fund
SBI Nifty200 Quality 30
Index Fund
SBI Nifty 200 Momentum
30 Index Fund
SBI Nifty100 Low
Volatility 30 Index Fund
SBI Dynamic Asset
Allocation Active FoF
4. Minimum installment amount under this facility for SIP /
SWP would be the same as prescribed under monthly
frequencies in the respective Schemes. All other terms
and conditions pertaining to SIP and SWP shall be
applicable for MITRA SIP facility.
5. On completion of the SIP period (either 8 years, 10
years, 12 years, 15 years, 20 Years, 25 years or 30
Years as the case may be), the entire accumulated clear
unit balance shall be switched on T+15 calendar days
to a pre-defined target scheme (T is the last SIP
transaction date of the facility) or continue to remain in
the same scheme as per option selected by the investor.
In case the source and target scheme is different, then
switch out from the source scheme would be subject to
applicable exit load and taxes.
64

--- PAGE 65 ---
6. SWP will commence from the target scheme from next
month onwards on the same SIP instalment date. The
SWP transaction shall be subject to exit load and taxes,
as applicable.
7. Investor can opt for SWP instalment amount as per the
matrix below or specific amount to be mentioned,
provided that the amount mentioned by the investor is
less than or equal to amount mentioned as per the
matrix and shall be subject to minimum SWP amount of
the respective schemes.
SIP Monthly SWP Instalments
Tenure
8 years 1X monthly SIP instalment
10 years 1.5X monthly SIP
instalment
12 years 2X monthly SIP instalment
15 years 3X monthly SIP instalment
20 years 5X monthly SIP instalment
25 years 8X monthly SIP instalment
30 Years 12X monthly SIP
instalment
For example, for 20 years SIP with instalment amount of
Rs 10,000, SWP amount must be less than or equal to Rs
50,000 (i.e. 5 times of monthly SIP instalment). If SWP
amount mentioned in the application form is greater than
the applicable slab, then it shall lead to rejection of the
application. In case investor does not fill in any SWP
amount, the default amount shall be as per the applicable
slab given above.
8. In case no SIP tenure is selected, the default tenure
shall be 12 years. In case no SIP date is selected, the
default date shall be 10.
9. In case, no scheme is mentioned as target scheme for
SWP, the SWP shall be triggered from the existing
source SIP scheme itself.
10. In case, where SIP and Switch-In scheme is same, no
switch shall be initiated and SWP shall be triggered from
the source SIP scheme itself.
11. SWP Date will be same as the SIP date. The Start date
of SWP will be the month following the last SIP
instalment date and the SWP End Date will be perpetual
i.e. the SWP under this facility shall be processed till
units are available in the respective target scheme. In
65

--- PAGE 66 ---
case, the SWP trigger date is a non- business day, the
next business day shall be considered as trigger date.
12. This facility shall get discontinued in the following
events:
i) On cancellation of SIP before the end of tenure, the
switch trigger and SWP will cease.
ii) In case, redemption / switch-out processed in Source
Scheme during the SIP tenure, the Switch trigger and
SWP will cease, however SIP shall continue under the
Source Scheme as normal SIP.
iii) In case redemption / switch-out is processed in Source
Scheme after the SIP tenure till the execution of switch
trigger, the switch trigger and the SWP will cease.
13. SIP Top-Up and SIP Pause is allowed under this facility.
However, SWP would get registered based on the initial
SIP instalment amount / slab mentioned in the
application form.
14. Under a single folio, an investor can have multiple
registrations under this facility. However, if investor
wishes to invest in multiple schemes, investor shall have
to submit separate MITRA SIP registration forms.
15. This facility will not be available under DEMAT mode
and for Minor investors.
Trigger facilities in all the open- Trigger is an event on happening of which the funds from one
ended schemes of SBI Mutual scheme will be automatically redeemed and/or switched to
Fund another scheme as specified by the investor. A trigger will
activate a transaction/alert when the event selected for, has
reached a value equal to or greater than (as the exact trigger
value may or may not be achieved) the specified particular
value (trigger point).
Types of Triggers:
1. NAV Appreciation / Depreciation Trigger: Under this facility,
Investor can indicate NAV appreciation or depreciation in
percentage terms for exit trigger. The minimum % NAV
appreciation or depreciation is 5% and in multiples of 1%
thereafter. On activation of the trigger the applicable NAV
for the transaction will be of the day on which the trigger has
been activated.
2. Index Level Appreciation / Depreciation Trigger: Under this
facility, investor would indicate the Sensex level as the
trigger to redeem/ switch from one scheme to another. The
Sensex level to be indicated in multiples of 100 only. In case
indicated otherwise, it will be rounded off to nearest 100
points. The investor may choose the Sensex level above or
below the current level.
66

--- PAGE 67 ---
3. Capital Appreciation / Depreciation: Under this facility,
investors will be given the option to indicate the capital
appreciation / depreciation in monetary terms to activate the
trigger. Minimum Capital Appreciation / Depreciation should
be Rs. 10,000 & in multiples of Rs. 1000 thereafter.
Terms and conditions of Trigger facility are as follows:
1. Trigger facility is available only in “Growth” option of the
source scheme.
2. Trigger facility is not available in “Daily / Weekly” options
of the target scheme.
3. Investor has the option to select the entire amount /
appreciation to be processed on the activation of trigger.
4. The Trigger option mandate will be registered on T+10
basis.
5. Minimum investment amount under the “Trigger Facility” is
Rs. 25,000/- and in multiples of Rs. 1 thereafter.
6. Combination of trigger facilities is not permitted. The
investor may choose only one of the available triggers.
7. The specified trigger will fail, if the investor(s) do not
maintain sufficient balance in source scheme(s) on the
trigger date. Trigger will also not get executed in case units
are under pledge / lien.
8. Trigger facility shall be applicable subject to exit load, if
any, in the transferor schemes.
9. Investor cannot modify a Trigger registration once
submitted. Investor must cancel the existing Trigger option
and enroll for a fresh Trigger option.
10. In case Trigger is not activated within one year of
application, the Trigger registration will cease to exist. In
such cases, investor(s) would have to register fresh trigger
mandates.
11. If any financial transaction (purchase, redemption or
switch) processed in the source scheme, the trigger will be
cancelled automatically.
Transfer of Income Distribution Transfer of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal plan
cum capital withdrawal plan in all is a facility wherein the IDCW declared under an open-ended
open ended schemes of SBIMF Scheme (Source Scheme) will be allowed for investment in all
open-ended schemes as target schemes (except
Daily/Weekly IDCW Options of all schemes as both source
and target schemes)
Terms and conditions for availing the above facility is detailed
below:
1. Minimum amount of Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal (IDCW) eligible for transfer is Rs. 250. If the
IDCW in the source scheme happens to be less than
Rs.250, then such IDCW will be automatically reinvested in
the source scheme irrespective of the option selected by
the investor.
67

--- PAGE 68 ---
2. Investment in the target scheme will be done at the NAV as
applicable for switches, with record date being the
transaction day.
3. Investor wishing to select Transfer of Income Distribution
cum capital withdrawal plan will have to opt for all units
under the respective plan/option of the source scheme.
4. Investors opting for Transfer of Income Distribution cum
capital withdrawal plan has to specify each
scheme/plan/option separately & not at the folio level.
5. Minimum investment amount requirement in the target
scheme/s will not be applicable for the Transfer of Income
Distribution cum capital withdrawal plan.
6. Request for enrollment must be submitted at least 15 days
before the IDCW record date.
7. Investors can terminate this facility by giving a written
request at least 15 days prior to the IDCW record date
under the source scheme.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or
discontinue this facility at any time in future on prospective
basis.
SBI MULTI SELECT facility
With a view to provide convenience and promote diversification
benefits to investor(s), SBI Mutual Fund (SBIMF) has
introduced a new facility i.e. SBI MULTI SELECT through which
an investor can invest in multiple schemes of SBI Mutual Fund
with a single cheque / demand draft. Minimum subscription
amount in a scheme would be as per the Scheme Information
Document of the respective scheme. However, minimum total
investment in the facility shall be INR 20,000. The facility is also
available through Systematic Investment Plan (SIP). Minimum
investment amount in a Scheme would be as per the existing
details pertaining to monthly SIP as stated in Scheme
Information Document of the respective scheme(s). Top-up
facility will not be available under this facility. All the terms and
conditions pertaining to SIP shall also be applicable to SIP
through SBI MULTI SELECT facility. Investors are requested to
visit www.sbimf.com for detailed terms & conditions of the
facility.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or discontinue
this facility at any time in future.
Facilitating transactions through In terms of paragraph 16.2.2 of SEBI Master Circular for
Stock Exchange Mechanism Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, units of the Scheme can
be transacted through all the registered stock brokers of the
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and / or BSE
Limited who are also registered with AMFI and are
empanelled as distributors with SBI Mutual Fund.
Accordingly, such stock brokers shall be eligible to be
considered as ‘official points of acceptance’ of SBI Mutual
Fund.
68

--- PAGE 69 ---
Further in line with paragraph 16.2.12 of SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, it has been decided to
allow investors to directly access infrastructure of the
recognised stock exchanges to purchase mutual fund units
directly from Mutual Fund/ Asset Management Companies.
SEBI circular has advised recognised stock exchanges,
clearing corporations and depositories to make necessary
amendment to their existing byelaws, rules and/or
regulations, wherever required.
Any other disclosure in terms of Not applicable
Consolidated Checklist on Standard
Observations
69

--- PAGE 70 ---
III. Other Details
A. In case of Fund of Funds Scheme, Details of Benchmark, Investment Objective,
Investment Strategy, TER, AUM, Year wise performance, Top 10 Holding/ link to Top 10
holding of the underlying fund should be provided - Not Applicable
B. Periodic Disclosures such as Half yearly disclosures, half yearly results, annual report:
Please refer to the website : https://www.sbimf.com/annual-financial-reports
(i) Half Yearly disclosure of Un-Audited Financials:
Before expiry of one month from the close of each half year i.e. on March 31 or September 30,
the Fund shall host a soft copy of half – yearly unaudited financial results on the website of the
Fund i.e. www.sbimf.com and that of AMFI www.amfiindia.com. A notice advertisement
communicating the investors that the financial results shall be hosted on the website shall be
published in one national English daily newspaper and in a newspaper in the language of the
region where the Head Office of the fund is situated.
(ii) Half Yearly disclosure of Scheme’s Portfolio:
In terms of SEBI notification dated May 29, 2018 read with paragraph 5.1 of the SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, on half year basis (i.e. March 31 & September
30), the portfolio of the Scheme shall be disclosed as under:
1. The Fund shall disclose the scheme’s portfolio (alongwith the ISIN) in the prescribed format as
on the last day of the half year for all the Schemes of SBI Mutual Fund on its website i.e.
www.sbimf.com and on the AMFI’s website i.e. www.amfiindia.com within 10 days from the close
of the half-year.
2. A Statement of Scheme portfolio shall be emailed to those unitholders whose email addresses
are registered with the Fund within 10 days from the close of each half year.
3. The AMC shall publish an advertisement every half year, in the all India edition of at least two
daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi; disclosing the hosting of the half yearly
schemes portfolio statement on its website viz. www.sbimf.com and on the website of AMFI i.e.
www.amfiindia.com and the modes through which a written request can be submitted by the
unitholder for obtaining a physical or electronic copy of the statement of scheme portfolio.
4. The AMC shall provide physical copy of the statement of scheme portfolio, without charging any
cost, on receipt of a specific request from the unitholder.
(iii) Monthly Disclosure of Schemes’ Portfolio Statement
The fund shall disclose the scheme’s portfolio in the prescribed format along with the ISIN as on
the last day of the month for all the Schemes of SBI Mutual Fund on its website www.sbimf.com
and on the AMFI’s website i.e. www.amfiindia.com within 10 days from the close of the month.
Further, the Statement of Scheme portfolio shall be emailed to those unitholders whose email
addresses are registered with the Fund within the above prescribed timeline. Further, the AMC
shall provide physical copy of the statement of scheme portfolio, without charging any cost, on
receipt of a specific request from the unitholder.
70

--- PAGE 71 ---
(iv) Annual Report
Scheme wise Annual Report or an abridged summary thereof shall be provided to all unitholders
within four months from the date of closure of the relevant accounts year i.e. 31st March each
year as follows:
1. The Scheme wise annual report / abridged summary thereof shall be hosted on website of the
Fund i.e., www.sbimf.com and on the website of AMFI i.e. www.amfiindia.com. The physical copy
of the scheme-wise annual report or abridged summary shall be made available to the unitholders
at the registered office of SBI Mutual Fund at all times.
2. The scheme annual report or an abridged summary thereof shall be emailed to those unitholders
whose email addresses are registered with the Fund.
3. The AMC shall publish an advertisement on annual basis, in the all India edition of at least two
daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi; disclosing the hosting of the scheme wise
annual report on its website viz. www.sbimf.com and on the website of AMFI i.e.
www.amfiindia.com and the modes through which a written request can be submitted by the
unitholder for obtaining a physical or electronic copy of the scheme-wise annual report or abridged
summary.
4. The AMC shall provide physical copy of the abridged summary of the Annual report, without
charging any cost, on receipt of a specific request from the unitholder.
(v) Product Labelling
The Risk-o-meter shall have following six levels of risk:
i. Low Risk
ii. Low to Moderate Risk
iii. Moderate Risk
iv. Moderately High Risk
v. High Risk and
vi. Very High Risk
The evaluation of risk levels of a Scheme shall be done in accordance with Paragraph 17.4 of SEBI
Master Circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024, as amended from time to time.
Any change in risk-o-meter shall be communicated by way of Notice cum Addendum and by way
of an e-mail or SMS to unitholders. The risk-o-meter shall be evaluated on a monthly basis and the
risk-o-meter alongwith portfolio disclosure shall be disclosed on the www.sbimf.com as well as
AMFI website within 10 days from the close of each month. The risk level of the Scheme as on
March 31 of every year, along with number of times the risk level has changed over the year shall
be disclosed on www.sbimf.com and AMFI website. Risk-o-meter details shall also be disclosed in
scheme wise Annual Reports and Abridged summary.
(vi) Benchmark Riskometer
Pursuant to extant SEBI regulations, AMCs shall disclose the following in all disclosures in which the unit
holders are invested as on the date , including promotional material or that stipulated by SEBI:
a. risk-o-meter of the scheme wherever the performance of the scheme is disclosed
b. risk-o-meter of the scheme and benchmark wherever the performance of the scheme vis-à-vis that of
the benchmark is disclosed.
Further, the portfolio disclosure in terms of para 5.17 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June
27, 2024 shall also include the scheme risk-o-meter, name of benchmark and risk-o-meter of benchmark.
71

--- PAGE 72 ---
(vii) Scheme Summary Document
The AMC has provided on its website a standalone scheme document for all the Schemes which
contains all the details viz. Scheme features, Fund Manager details, investment details, investment
objective, expense ratios, portfolio details, etc.
Scheme Summary Documents shall be disclosed on www.sbimf.com, www.amfiindia.com and
stock exchange website in 3 data formats i.e. PDF, Spreadsheet and a machine readable format
(either JSON or XML). on a monthly basis or whenever there is changes in any of the specified
field, whichever is earlier.
C. Transparency/NAV Disclosure
NAV of the Scheme would be computed and declared on all business day. NAV will be disclosed
in the manner as may be specified under SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. NAV can also
be viewed on www.sbimf.com and www.amfiindia.com. Further, the Mutual Fund shall send the
latest available NAVs to the unitholders through SMS, upon receiving a specific request in this
regard.
The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of Association of Mutual Funds in India - AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) and on website of the Mutual Fund (www.sbimf.com) by 11.00 p.m.
However, whenever the Scheme also invests in foreign securities, the NAVs of Scheme shall be
updated on daily basis on the website of the AMC and on the website of AMFI by 10:00 a.m. of
the following business day in line with Paragraph 8.2 of Master Circular for mutual funds.
In case of non-availability of price/valuation for the underlying overseas investments before
aforementioned timeline, consequent to which there would be inability in capturing same day
price/valuation for such underlying investments, then NAV of the Scheme will be declared as and
when the price/valuation for such underlying securities/ Funds is available.
In case of any delay, the reasons for such delay would be explained to AMFI and SEBI by the
next day. If the NAVs are not available before commencement of business hours on the following
day due to any reason, the Fund shall issue a press release providing reasons and explaining
when the Fund would be able to publish the NAVs.
D. Transparency/NAV Disclosure (Details with reference to information given in Section I)
NAV of the Scheme shall be computed and declared on every business day. The NAV under
the Scheme would be rounded off to four decimals as follows or such other formula as may be
prescribed by SEBI from time to time:
Market or Fair Value of Scheme’s investments + Current Assets - Current Liabilities and
Provision
NAV=---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
No of Units outstanding under Scheme on the Valuation Date
NAV will be disclosed as prescribed under SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. NAV can
also be viewed on www.sbimf.com and www.amfiindia.com.
The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of Association of Mutual Funds in India - AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) by 11.00 p.m. on every business day basis . In case of any delay, the
reasons for such delay would be explained to AMFI and SEBI by the next day. If the NAVs are
not available before commencement of business hours on the following day due to any reason,
the Fund shall issue a press release providing reasons and explaining when the Fund would be
able to publish the NAVs.
72

--- PAGE 73 ---
Whenever the Scheme also invests in foreign securities, the NAVs of Scheme shall be updated
on daily basis on the website of the AMC and on the website of AMFI by 10:00 a.m. of the
following business day in line with Paragraph 8.2 of Master Circular for mutual funds.
In case of non-availability of price/valuation for the underlying overseas investments before
aforementioned timeline, consequent to which there would be inability in capturing same day
price/valuation for such underlying investments, then NAV of the Scheme will be declared as
and when the price/valuation for such underlying securities/ Funds is available.
E. Transaction charges and stamp duty-
Transaction charges – No transaction charges will be charged. Hence, not applicable
Stamp duty - Pursuant to Notification issued by Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance,
Government of India, a stamp duty of 0.005% would be levied on applicable mutual fund
transactions. Accordingly, pursuant to levy of stamp duty, the number of units allotted on
applicable transactions (Purchase, Switch-in, IDCW Reinvestment & Systematic transactions
viz. SIP / STP-in etc.) to the unit holders would be reduced to that extent.
Please refer SAI for details.
F. Associate Transactions- Please refer to Statement of Additional Information (SAI)
G. Taxation- For details on taxation please refer to the clause on Taxation in the SAI
apart from the following:
Tax Resident Investors Non-Resident Investors Mutual Fund
Tax on Income
Taxable at normal tax rates
Distribution under 20% 3 5
applicable to investor 3 5
IDCW Option 2
Capital Gains 4
a) Long Term 12.50% 3 on gains 12.50% 3 5 on gains
(period of holding: exceeding Rs.1,25,000 in a exceeding Rs.1,25,000 in
Nil 1
more than 12 year (without indexation a year (without
months) benefit) indexation & foreign
exchange fluctuation
b) Short Term benefit)
(period of holding: 20% 3
up to 12 months) 20% 3 5
1. SBI Mutual Fund is registered with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and is as such eligible for
benefits u/s. 10(23D) of the Income-tax Act, 1961. Accordingly, the entire income of SBI Mutual Fund is exempt
from income-tax. SBI Mutual Fund will receive all its income without deduction of tax at source as per provisions
of Section 196 of the said Act.
2. With effect from April 1, 2020, income distributed by a mutual fund in respect of units of mutual funds is taxable
in the hands of the unitholders at normal tax rates (plus applicable surcharge and cess).
3. Basic Tax shall be increased by surcharge as per applicable rate and Health & Education Cess at the rate of 4%
on aggregate of basic tax & surcharge.
73

--- PAGE 74 ---
4. Securities Transaction Tax (STT) @ 0.001% is applicable on redemption of units of equity-oriented mutual
funds.
5. The Mutual Fund will pay/deduct taxes as per the applicable tax laws on the relevant date considering the
provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 read with the Income-tax Rules, 1962 and any circulars or notifications
or directives or instructions issued thereunder. Please note that grant of DTAA benefit, if any, is subject to
fulfilment of stipulated conditions under the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 and the relevant DTAA as
well as interpretation of relevant Article of such DTAA.
In case of Resident Investors: TDS is applicable at the rate of 10% on income distributed in excess of Rs.10,000
by a mutual fund.
In case of Non-Resident Investors: TDS is applicable on any income in respect of units of a Mutual Fund at
lower of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) or rate of income-tax provided in the relevant DTAA (read
with CBDT Circular no. 3/2022 dated 3rd February 2022), provided such investor furnishes valid Tax Residency
Certificate (TRC) for concerned FY. Tax will be deducted on Short-term/Long-term capital gains at the tax rates
(plus applicable Surcharge and Health and Education Cess) specified in the Finance Act 2025 at the time of
redemption of units in case of Non-Resident investors (other than FIIs) only.
TDS at higher rates: In case PAN is not furnished or PAN is inoperative, then TDS as per Section 206AA of the
Income-tax Act, 1961 would apply (higher of specified rate or rates in force or 20%), subject to Rule 37BC of
the Income-tax Rules, 1962.
The above income-tax/TDS rates are in accordance with the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 as
amended by Finance Act 2025. The above rates are based on the assumption that the mutual fund units are
held by the investors as capital assets and not as stock in trade.
Investors are requested to note that the tax position prevailing at the time of investment may change in future
due to statutory amendment(s). The Mutual Fund will pay/deduct taxes as per the applicable tax laws on the
relevant date considering the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961. Additional tax liability, if any, imposed
on investors due to such changes in the tax structure, shall be borne solely by the investors and not by the AMC
or Trustee.
The above information is provided for only general information purposes and does not constitute tax or legal
advice. In view of the individual nature of tax benefits, each investor is advised to consult with his/ her tax
consultant with respect to the specific direct tax implications arising out of their transactions.
H. Rights of Unitholders- Please refer to SAI for details.
I. List of official points of acceptance:
Please refer to our website: https://www.sbimf.com/contact-us
J. Penalties, Pending Litigation or Proceedings, Findings of Inspections or Investigations
For Which Action May Have Been Taken Or Is In The Process Of Being Taken By
Any Regulatory Authority
https://www.sbimf.com/offer-document-sid-kim
74

--- PAGE 79 ---
781005, Tel : (0361)2463704. GANDHIDHAM :SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Adinath
Arcade, Office No. 6, Police Station Road, Gandhidham – 370201, Gujarat. GAYA: SBI Funds Management Ltd,
Nandan Niketan, Ground Floor, Nagmatia Road, Gaya-823001, Bihar, Phone No: 8252934222, 0631-2222405,
Email Id:cs.gaya@sbimf.com. GHATKOPAR : Shop No - 1 & 2, Atlantic Towers, R B Mehta Road, Near Railway
Station, Ghatkopar – East, Mumbai – 400077. Tel No.: 022 – 25012227 / 28. GHAZIABAD: SBI Funds Management
Ltd, C – 40, RDC, Raj Nagar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh - 201002 Phone No: 0120 – 4217338 Email id:
cs.ghaziabad@sbimf.com GIRIDIH: Shanti Heights,1st Floor, Above Hero Showroom, Whitty Bazar, Giridih -
815301. Phone No: 06532-296009 Email id: cs.giridih@sbimf.com GORAKHPUR: Shop No – 6 & 7, Upper Ground
Floor, Cross Mall The Road, AD Chowk, Bank Road, Gorakhpur – 273001, Uttar Pradesh, Tel: 0551-
2203378.GWALIOR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Ground Floor, Uma Plaza 83 / 84, Kailash Vihar, Near City
Centre, Ward No.30, Gwalior-474001, Tel: 0751-2447272, Madhya Pradesh, Email Id:
cs.gwalior@sbimf.com.GUNTUR : SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Brodipet Branch, #4/11,
Master Minds Building Brodipet, Guntur - 522002, Andhra Pradesh. Guna : SBI Funds Management Limited,
156/1,Hanuman Colony Infront of IDBI Bank, AB Road, Guna -473001,Madhya Pradesh, Phone no: 07542-462999
Email id: cs.guna@sbimf.com HYDERABAD: SBI Funds Management . Ltd., 1st Floor, Shivalik Plaza, 8-2-629/K,
Road Number 1, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad 500034, Telangana. Phone no: 8121018378 Email id:
cs.banjara@sbimf.com HAMIRPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd , c/o State Bank of India, Main Branch, Ist floor,
Hamirpur – 177001, Himachal Pradesh. Phone no:01972-224799 Email id: cs.hamirpur@sbimf.com. HALDIA: SBI
Funds Management . Ltd. Akash Ganga Commercial Complex, 3rd Floor, Manjushree, Village Basudevpur, Post
Office – Khanjanchak, Police Station- Durgachak, Haldia - 721602, Purba Medinipur Phone No: 9073641484 Email
Id: cs.haldia@sbimf.com HALDWANI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Upper Ground Floor, Guru Nanak Tower,
Durga City Center, Nainital Road, Haldwani - 263139 Uttarakhand, Tel:05946-220526/222925 Mobile No:
9412084061 / 9105562000 / 9105573000 Email ID: cs.haldwani@sbiml.com. HAZARIBAGH : SBI Funds
Management Ltd, Prabhu Niwas Market, AnandaChowk , Guru Govind Singh Road, Hazaribagh – 825301,
Jharkhand. HASAN: 1st Floor, Sri Charana Complex, Above SBI Main Branch, Behind Suvarna Residency, BM
Road, Hassan - 573201.Phone No: 8976920387 Email Id: cs.hassan@sbimf.comHISSAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, 42,Red Square Market, Nr. Hotel Regency, Hisar -125001, Haryana,, Tel: 01662 238415. HUBLI:
SBI Funds Management Ltd, c/o: State Bank of India, Market Branch, Laxmi Complex, Near Court Circle, Hubli-
580029, Tel: 0836-2368477. HOSIHARPUR : SBI Funds Management Limited Ground Floor, Opposite Green View
Park Near SBI Main Branch, Hoshiarpur-146001 Email ID: cs.hoshiarpur@sbimf.com Phone No.: 01882-228415
INDORE:SBI Funds Management Ltd, 215-216 City Centre, 2nd floor,570 M.G. Road, Indore – 452001, Tel : 0731
-2541141/4045944/4991080/4991081/4991082/4991083. IMPHAL : SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o State Bank
of India, Imphal Branch, M. G. Avenue, Imphal – 795001, Manipur. ITANAGAR : SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o
State Bank of India, Personal Banking Branch, Ziro Point, Itanagar – 791111, Arunachal Pradesh. JABALPUR: SBI
Funds Management Ltd, G-2, Ground Floor, Rajleela Tower, Wright Town, Jabalpur – 482002, Tel No.: 0761–
2410042 .JAIPUR :SBI Funds Management Ltd, 1st Floor, SBI Tonk Road Branch, Near Times of India
Building,Tonk Road, Jaipur–302015, Tel : (0141) 2740016/2740061. JALANDHAR: SBI Funds Management Ltd,
SCO – 14, Ground Floor, P.U.D.A Complex Jalandhar – 144001. Email Id: CS.Jalandhar@SBIMF.COM Phone
No: 0181 - 2238415.JALGAON : SBI Funds Management Ltd., 2nd floor, Opp. SBI Main Branch, Stadium Complex,
JilhaPeth, Jalgaon - 425001, Maharashtra. JAMMU: First Floor, A1 North Block, Bahu Plaza, Jammu-180012
Phone No : 0191-2474975 Email ID : cs.jammu@sbimf.com JAMMU: SBI FUNDS MANAGEMENT LIMITED 115,
FIRST FLOOR, A 1 NORTH BLOCK, BAHU PLAZA, JAMMU-180012 EMAIL ID: CS.JAMMU@SBIMF.COM
PHONE NO.: 0191-2474975 JAMNAGAR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o SBI Ranjit Road Branch, Ranjit Road,
Jamnagar,-361001, Tel: 0288-2660104. JAMNAGAR: 105, First Floor, Neo Atlantic, Opposite Amber Cinema,
Jamnagar – 361 002, Gujarat. Phone No :0288 - 2660104 Email ID : cs.jamnagar@sbimf.com JAMSHEDPUR:
SBI Funds Management Ltd, Fairdeal Complex Unit, 2 M, M Floor, Opposite Ram Mandir, Bistupur, Jamshedpur -
831001 Tel no.: 0657-2320447, Email ID: cs.jamshedpur@sbimf.com JHANSI: 649-650 Ground Floor, Near Tulsi
Hotel, Chitra Chauraha, Jhansi - 284001, UttarPradesh, Tel no.: 0510 – 3548113, 0510 – 3500103, Email ID:
CS.JHANSI@SBIMF.COM JODHPUR: SBI Funds Management Limited PRM Palza, Plot No. 947, 10th D Road,
Sardarpura, Jodhpur-342001 Phone No: 9829123397 Email ID : cs.jodhpur@sbimf.com. JORHAT : C/O Rajarshi
Barua, 1st Floor, Above SBI ATM, Barpatra Ali Road, Near JB College, Beside ICICI Bank, Jorhat – 785001, Assam
Email Id: cs.jorhat@sbimf.com Phone No: 6913120050. JUNAGADH : SBI Funds Management Ltd, Balaji Avenue,
First Floor, Shop No 7 & 8, Near Reliance Mall, Opposite Rajlaxmi Park, Motibaug to Sardarbaug Road, Junagadh
– 362001, Gujarat. Phone No: 0285 – 2670350 Email: csjunagadh@sbimf.com Jaunpur: SBI Funds Management
Limited, First Floor, Dulari Complex, 478 Civil Court Road, Miyajpur, Jaunpur ,Uttar Pradesh-222002, Email Id-
CS.JAUNPUR@SBIMF.COM, Phone No: 9984070444, 05452-350064. JALPAIGURI: SBI Funds Management
79

--- PAGE 85 ---
CAMS INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRES / CAMS TRANSACTION POINTS
AHMEDABAD: 303-304, 3rd floor, Marcado, Opp. Municipal Market, Near President, Hotel, C. G. Road,
Ahmedbad – 380 009, Gujarat. Phone No: 0790-69435600 Email ID: camsahm@camsonline.com .
AGARTALA: CAMS Service Centre. Nibedita, 1st Floor, JB Road Palace Compound, Agartala, Near Babuana
Tea and Snacks, Tripura West – 799001. Phone No: 9436761695 , 0381-2323009 Email id:
camsaga@camsonline.com. AGRA: No. 8, II Floor, Maruti Tower, Sanjay Place, Agra-282002, Tel: 0562-324
2267. AHMEDNAGAR: B, 1+3, Krishna Enclave Complex, Near Hotel Natraj, Nagar- Aurangabad Road,
Ahmednagar -414 001, Tel: 241-6450282. AJMER: AMC No. 423/30, Near Church, Brahampuri,Opp T B
Hospital, Jaipur Road, Ajmer-305001, Tel: 0145-329 2040. AKOLA :Opp. RLT Science College, Civil Lines,
Akola-444001, Tel: 724-3203830. ALIGARH: City Enclave, Opp. Kumar Nursing Home, Ramghat Road, Aligarh-
202001, Tel: 571-3200301. ALLAHABAD (PRAYAGRAJ):18/18A, FF-3, Gayatri Dham Milan Tower, MG Marg,
Civil Lines, Prayagraj-211001 Phone: - 9554800010 Email ID: camsall@camsonline.com . ALLEPPEY: Doctor’s
Tower Building, Door No. 14/2562, 1st floor, North of Iorn Bridge, Near Hotel Arcadia Regency, Alleppey-688011,
Tel: 477-3209718. ALWAR: 256A, Scheme No:1, Arya Nagar, Alwar-301001, Tel: 0144-3200451. AMARAVATI
: 81, Gulsham Tower, 2nd Floor, Near Panchsheel Talkies, Amaravati-444601, Tel: 0721-329 1965. AMBALA:
Shop No.4250, Near B D Senior Secondary School, Ambala Cantt, Ambala – 133001, Haryana. Email id:
camsamb@camsonline.com AMRITSAR: 3rd Floor Bearing Unit no- 313, Mukut House, Amritsar –
143001.Email Id: camsamt@camsonline.com Phone No: 0183-5009990AMRELI: B1,1st Floor, Mira Arcode,
Library Road, Opp SBS Bank, Amreli-365601, Gujarat. Email: camsamre@camsonline.com Phone no: 02792-
220792 ANAND: 101, A.P. Tower, B/H, SardharGunj, Next to Nathwani Chambers, Anand-388001, Tel: 02692-
325071. ANANTAPUR: 15-570-33, I Floor, Pallavi Towers, Anantapur, Anantapur -515 001, Tel: 8554-326980,
326921. ANGUL: Similipada, Near Sidhi Binayak+2 Science College, Angul – 759122. ANDHERI : 351, Icon,
501, 5th floor, Western Express Highway, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400069, Tel: 7303923299. ANKLESHWAR:
Shop No - F -56, First Floor,Omkar Complex, Opp Old Colony,NrValia Char Rasta, GIDC, Ankleshwar- Bharuch
-393002, Tel: 02646-310207. ARAMBAGH: Mukherjee Building, First Floor, Beside MP Jewelers, Next to
Mannapuram Ward No 5 Link Road, Arambagh, Hoogly-712601,West Bengal, Phone no: 07548048948
Email id: camsabh@camsonline.com ARRAH: Old NCC Office, Ground Floor, Club Road, Arrah – 802301,
Email id: camsaar@camsonline.com. ASANSOL: Block – G 1st Floor, P C Chatterjee Market Complex,
RambandhuTalab P O Ushagram, Asansol-713303, Tel: 0341- 2316054. AURANGABAD : 2nd Floor, Block No.
D-21-D-22, Motiwala Trade Center, Nirala Bazar, New Samarth Nagar, Opposite HDFC Bank, Aurangabad –
431001, Tel: 0240-6450226. BAGALKOT: 1st floor, E Block Melligeri Towers, station road, Bagalkot-587101,
Tel: 8354-225329. BAGALKOT: Shop No.02 1st Floor, Shreyas Complex, Near Old Bus Stand, Bagalkot-587101,
Karnataka. Email: camsbkt@camsonline.com Phone no: 8354-220909 BALASORE: B C Sen Road, Balasore-
756001, Tel: 06782-326808. BANGALORE: Trade Centre, 1st Floor, 45, Dikensen Road, (Next to Manipal
Centre), Bangalore-560 042, Tel: 080-3057 4709, 3057 4710, 30578004, 30578006. BANGALORE:First Floor,
17/1, (272), 12th Cross Road, Wilson Garden, Bangalore – 560027 Email: camsbwg@camsonline.com .Phone
no: 09513759058.BANKURA: 1stFloor, Central Bank Building, Machantala, Post Office & District Bankura, West
Bengal -722101. Email: camsbqa@camsonline.com Tel. no. 03242 - 252668. BAREILLY: D-61, Butler Plaza,
Civil Lines, Bareilly- 243001, Phone No.: 0581-6450121. BARASAT: N/39, K.N.C Road, 1st Floor, Shri krishna
Apartment, Behind HDFC Bank Barasat Branch, Post Office and Police Station Barasat, 24PGS (North), West
Bengal – 700124. Email Id: camsbrst@camsonline.com BARDOLI: F-10, First Wings, Desai Market, Gandhi
Road, Bardoli-394601. Gujarat. Email: camsbrd@camsonline.com Phone no: 08000791814 BALURGHAT:
Narayanpur, Near Balurghat Bus Stand, P.O & P.S – Balurghat, District Dakshin Dinajpur, West Bengal –
733101, Phone No.: 0967901bori3116. BASTI: Office no 3, Ist Floor, Jamia Shopping Complex, (Opposite
Pandey School), Station Road, Basti-272002, Tel: 5542-327979. Basirhat : CAMS Service Center Apurba
Market, Ground Floor, Vill Mirjapur, Opposite Basirhat College, Post Office at Basirhat College, North Parganas
24, Basirhat – 743412 BELGAUM: Classic Complex, Block no 104, 1st Floor, Saraf Colony, Khanapur Road,
Tilakwadi, Belgaum - 590 006, Phone No.: 09243689047. BELLARY: 18/47/A, Govind Nilaya, Ward No 20,
Sangankal Moka Road, Gandhinagar, Ballari - 583102 Email: camsbry@camsonline.com Phone no:
6361070264. BERHAMPUR: Kalika Temple Street, Besides SBI BAZAR Branch, Berhampur-760 002, Ganjam,
Odisha Tel: 9238120071.BHADRAK: Das & Das Complex, 1st Floor, By Pass Road, Opposite to Vishal Mega
Mart, Chhapulia, Bhadrak, Odisha – 756100 Phone No – 8093319512 E-mail Id- camsbrk@camsonline.com.
JEYPORE; SBI Funds Management Limited 1/2666, Infront of Sadar Thana, NH-26, Jagadhatripura, Jeypore,
District: Koraput - 764001, Odisha. Phone no: 06854451707 Email id: cs.jeypore@sbimf.com BHAGALPUR:
Ground Floor, Gurudwara Road, Near Old Vijaya Bank, Bhagalpur – 812001.Phone No: 9264499905email Id:
85

--- PAGE 86 ---
camsblp@camsonline.com. BHARUCH (PARENT: ANKLESHWAR TP): A-111, 1st First Floor, R K Casta,
Behind Patel Super Market, Station Road, Bharuch - 392001, Gujarat. Phone No: 098253 04183. BHATINDA:
2907 GH,GT Road, Near ZilaParishad, BHATINDA, BHATINDA-151001, Tel: 164-3204511. BHAVNAGAR: 501
– 503, Bhayani Skyline, Behind Joggers Park, Atabhai Road, Bhavnagar-364002, Tel:0278-2225572, Email id:
camsbha@camsonline.com BHILAI: First Floor, Plot No. 3, Block No. 1, Priyadarshini Parisar West, Behind IDBI
Bank, Nehru Nagar, Bhilai-490020, Tel: 9203900630 / 9907218680. BHILWARA: Indraparstha tower, Second
floor, Shyamkisabjimandi, Near Mukharji garden, Bhilwara-311001, Tel: 01482-231808, 321048. BHOPAL: Plot
no 10, 2nd Floor, Alankar Complex, Near ICICI Bank, MP Nagar, Zone II, Bhopal-462011, Tel: 0755-329 5873.
BHUBANESWAR: Plot No - 111, Varaha Complex Building, 3rd Floor, Station Square, KharvelNagar,Unit 3,
Bhubaneswar-751 001, Tel: 0674-325 3307, 325 3308. BHUJ: Tirthkala First Floor, Opp. BMCB Bank, New
Station Road, Bhuj, Kachchh – 370001, Gujarat Phone No: 02832-45031 Email: camsbuj@camsonline.com
BHUSAWAL (PARENT: JALGAON TP): 3, Adelade Apartment, ChristainMohala, Behind Gulshan-E-Iran Hotel,
Amardeep Talkies Road, Bhusawal, Bhusawal-425201, BIHAR:. C/O Muneshwar Prasad, Sibaji Colony, SBI
Main Branch Road, Near Mobile Tower, Purnea - 854301, Bihar.E-mail- camspna@camsonline.com BIHAR
SHARIF : R&C Palace, Amber Station Road, Opp. Mamta Complex, BiharSharif-803101, Nalanda, Tel no.-
06112–235054 BIJAPUR: 1st floor, Gajanan Complex, Azad Road, Bijapur-586101, Tel: 8352-259520.
BIJAPUR: Padmasagar Complex,1st floor, 2nd Gate, Ameer Talkies Road, Vijayapur – 586101, Bijapur Phone
No: 083 52259520. Email Id: camsbij@camsonline.com. BIKANER: Behind Rajasthan patrika, In front of Vijaya
Bank,1404, Amar Singh Pura, Bikaner-334001, Tel: 9214245819. BILASPUR: Shop No. B - 104, First Floor,
Narayan Plaza, Link Road, Bilaspur - 495001, Chattisgarh, Tel: 9203900626. BOHOROMPUR: 107/1, A C Road,
Ground Floor, Bohorompur, Murshidabad, West Bengal – 742103.West Bengal. Tel: 08535855998 BOKARO:
1st Floor, Plot No. HE-7 City Centre, Sector 4, Bokaro Steel City, Bokaro- 827004, Jharkhand, India, Tel: 06542
– 359182 Email Id:camsbkr@camsonline.com BONGAIGAON: G.N.B.Road, Bye Lane, Prakash Cinema,PO &
Dist. Bongaigaon-783380, Assam.Email: camsbon@camsonline.com Phone no: 03664-230008 BOLPUR:
Room No. FB26, 1st Floor, Netaji Market, Bolpur, West Bengal – 731204, Phone No.: 09800988054. BORIVALI:
501 -Tiara CTS 617, 617/1-4, Off Chandavarkar Lane, Maharashtra Nagar, Borivali West, Mumbai -400092.
Email ID: camsbor@camsonline.com Phone No.: 022 – 28900132. BURDWAN: 399, G T Road, Basement,Talk
of the Town, Burdwan - 713101, West Bengal, Tel: 0342- 3551397,Email ID- camsbdw@camsonline.com
CALICUT: 29/97G 2nd Floor, Gulf Air Building, Mavoor Road, Arayidathupalam, Calicut-673016, Tel: 0495-325
5984. CHAIBASA : CAMS Service Centre Gram - Gutusahi under the Nimdih Panchayat, Post office Chaibasa,
Muffasil Thana, District - West Singhbhum, Jharkhand - 833201.Email ID - camscbsa@camsonline.com Phone
No - 9437340883 CHANDIGARH: Deepak Tower, SCO 154-155,1st Floor, Sector 17-C, Chandigarh-160 017,
Tel: 0172-304 8720, 304 8721, 304 8722, 3048723. CHANDRAPUR: Opposite Mustafa Décor,Near Bangalore
Bakery, Kasturba Road, Chandrapur-442402, Tel: 7172-253108. CHENNAI: Ground Floor No.178/10,
Kodambakkam High Road, Opp. Hotel Palmgrove, Nungambakkam, Chennai-600 034, Tel: 044-39115 561,
39115 562, 39115 563, 39115 565. CHENNAI:Rayala Towers, 158, Anna Salai, Chennai – 600002 Tel: 044
30407236. CHENNAI: III Floor, B R Complex, No.66, Door No. 11A, Ramakrishna Iyer Street, Opp. National
Cinema Theatre, West Tambaram, Chennai – 600 045. Email: camstam@camsonline.com Phone no: 044-
22267030 / 29850030. CHHINDWARA: Shop No. 01, Near Puja Lawn, Parasia Road, Chhindwara - 480 001,
Madhya Pradesh, Tel No: 9203900507. CHIDAMBARAM: Shop No. 1 & 2,saradaram complex door no 6-7,
Theradikadai street, Chidambaram, Chidambaram-608001, Tel: 4144-221746. CHITTORGARH: 3 Ashok Nagar,
Near Heera Vatika, Chittorgarh -312001, Tel: 1472-324810. COCHIN: Ittoop’s Imperial Trade Center, Door No.
64/5871 – D, 3rd Floor, M. G. Road (North), Cochin-682 035, Tel: 0484-323 4658. Cochin: Modayil Building,Door
No. 39/2638 DJ,2nd Floor, 2A, M. G. Road,Cochin – 682 016 COIMBATORE: No 1334; Thadagam Road,
Thirumoorthy Layout, R.S. Puram, Behind Venkteswara Bakery, Coimbatore – 641002, Tel: 0422-2434355/53.
COOCHBEHAR: S. N. ROAD, BYE LANE, BADUR BAGAN, NEAR GOURI SHANKAR, COOCHBEHAR –
736101, West Bengal. Phone No.: 03582-226739. Email ID: camschb@camsonline.com CUTTACK: Near Indian
Overseas Bank, Cantonment Road, Mata Math, Cuttack-753001. DARBHANGA: Ground Floor, Shyam Kunj, 2-
Girindra Mohan Road, Near Radio Station, Darbhanga-846004 Bihar,Tel: 06272245004, Email ID:
CS.Darbhanga@sbimf.com, DAVENEGERE: 13, Ist Floor, AkkamahadeviSamaj Complex, Church Road,
P.J.Extension, Devengere-577002, Tel: 08192-326226. DEHRADUN: 204/121 NariShilpMandirMarg, Old
Connaught Place, Dehradun-248001, Tel: 0135-325 8460. DEOGHAR: S S M Jalan Road, Ground floor, Opp.
Hotel Ashoke, Caster Town, Deoghar-814112, Tel: 6432-320227. DEWAS: 11 Ram Nagar - 1st Floor, A. B. Road,
Near Indian- Allahabad Bank, Dewas –455001, Madhya Pradesh. Phone No: 07272 – 403382 Email Id:
camsdew@camsonline.comDHANBAD: Urmila Towers, Room No: 111(1st Floor), Bank More, Dhanbad-
826001, Tel: 0326-2304675. DHARMAPURI :16A/63A, Pidamaneri Road, Near Indoor Stadium, Dharmapuri,
86

--- PAGE 87 ---
Dharmapuri -636 701, Tel: 4342-310304. DHULE: House No. 3140, Opp Liberty Furniture, Jamnalal Bajaj Road,
Near Tower Garden, Dhule – 424001, Tel No: 02562 – 640272. DIBRUGARH: Amba Complex,Ground Floor,H
S Road,Dibrugarh-786001. DIMAPUR: MM Apartment,House No; 436 (Ground Floor), Dr. Hokeshe Sema Road,
Near Bharat Petroleum, Lumthi Colony, Opposite T.K Complex, Dimapur – 797112, Nagaland Email:
camsdmv@camsonline.com.DURGAPUR: Plot No. 3601, Nazrul Sarani, City Centre, Durgapur-713 216, Tel:
0343-2545420/30. DWARKA: SBI Funds Management Limited, Plot No. 447, 2nd Floor, Sector - 19,
Dwarka – 110075, Delhi. Phone no: 9999379462 Landline: 011- 42670074 Email id:
cs.dwarka@sbimf.com ELURU: 22B-3-9, Karl Marx Street, Powerpet, Eluru, Andhra Pradesh - 534002. Tel:
08812 – 231381 ERODE: 197, Seshaiyer Complex, Agraharam Street, Erode-638001, Tel: 0424-320 7730.
FAIZABAD: 9/1/51, Rishi Tola, Fatehganj, Ayodhya, Faizabad Uttar Pradesh–22400, Email Id:
camsfzd@camsonline.com FARIDHABAD: LG3, SCO 12 Sector 16, Behind Canara Bank, Faridabad – 121002
Phone No: 0129-4320372 Email id: camsfdb@camsonline.com FIROZABAD: First Floor, Adjacent to
Saraswati Shishu Mandir School, Gaushala, Near UPPCL Sub Station,(Gandhi Park), Company Bagh,
Chauraha, Firozabad – 283203,Email Id: camsfrz@camsonline.com GANDHIDHAM: Shyam Sadan, First Floor,
Plot No 120,Sector 1/A, Gandhidham - 370201 Phone No: 02836 233220 Email Id:
camsgdm@camsonline.com. GANDHINAGAR: M-12 Mezzanine Floor, Suman Tower, Sector 11, Gandhinagar
– 382011. Tel: 079-23240170. GANGTOK: House No: GTK /006/D/20(3), Near Janata Bhawan, Diesel Power
House Road (D.P.H. Road), Gangtok - 737101, Sikkim. Phone No: 03592-202562 Email:
camsgtka@camsonline.com GAYA: C/O Sri Vishwanath Kunj, Ground Floor, Tilha Mahavir Asthan, Gaya –
823001.Phone No: 9472179424 Email Id: camsgaya@camsonline.com GHAZIABAD: First Floor C - 10 RDC
Rajnagar, Opposite Kacheri Gate No.2 Ghaziabad – 201002.Phone No: 0120 – 6510540 Email Id:
camsgha@camsonline.comGOA: Lawande Sarmalkar Bhavan, 1st Floor, Office No. 2 Next to Mahalaxmi
Temple, Panaji, Goa - 403 001, Tel: 0832- 6450439. GODHRA: 1st Floor, Prem Praksh Tower, B/H
B.N.Chambers, Ankleshwar Mahadev Road, Godhra – 389001, Gujarat Email: camsgdh@camsonline.com
Phone no: 08000724711GONDAL (PARENT RAJKOT): A/177, Kailash Complex, Opp. Khedut Decor,
GONDAL-360 311, Tel: 0281-329 8158. GORAKHPUR: Shop No. 3, Second Floor, The Mall, Cross Road, A.D.
Chowk, Bank Road, Gorakhpur-273001, Tel: 0551-329 4771. GORAKHPUR : CAMS SERVICE CENTRE UNIT
NO-115, FIRST FLOOR, VIPUL AGORA BUILDING, SECTOR-28, MEHRAULI GURGAON ROAD, CHAKKAR
PUR GURGAON - 122001 EMAIL ID: CAMSGUR@CAMSONLINE.COM PHONE NO: 0124-4048022
GREATER NOIDA: SBI Funds Management Limited, Tradex Tower No.1, Ground Floor, Shop No.
G11 & G12, Plot No. 3B, Alpha Commercial Belt, Sector Alpha- 1, Greater Noida – 201308, Uttar
Pradesh Phone no: 9717728766 Email id: cs.greaternoida@sbimf.com GULBARGA: Pal Complex, Ist
Floor, Opp. City Bus Stop, Super Market, Gulbarga, Gulbarga-585 101, Tel: 8472-310119. GUNTUR: Door No
5-38-44, 5/1 BRODIPET, Near Ravi Sankar Hotel, Guntur-522002, Tel: 0863-325 2671. GURGAON: UNIT NO-
115, First Floor, Vipul Agora Building, Sector-28, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Chakkar Pur Gurgaon – 122001 Email
Id:camsgur@camsonline.com Phone No.0124-4048022. GUWAHATI: Piyali Phukan Road, K. C. Path, House
No – 1, Rehabari, Guwahati – 781008, Phone No.: 07896035933. GWALIOR: G-6 Global Apartment,
KailashVihar Colony, Opp. Income Tax Office, City Centre, Gwalior-474002, Tel: 0751-320 2311. HALDIA: 2nd
Floor, New Market Complex, 2nd Floor, New Market Complex, Durgachak Post Office,PurbaMedinipur District,
Haldia, Haldia-721 602, Tel: 3224-320273. HALDWANI: Durga City Centre, Nainital Road, Haldwani, Haldwani
-263139, Tel: 5946-220526/222925 Emai: cs.haldwani@sbimf.com. HARIDWAR: F – 3, Hotel Shaurya, New
Model Colony, Haridwar, Uttarkhand – 249408, Email id: camshwr@camsonline.com. HASSAN: Vidya Bhavan
Building, 1st Floor, Old Bus Stand Road. Hassan-573201Karranataka. Email: camshas@camsonline.com Phone
no: 08172-456301HAZARIBAG: Municipal Market, AnnandaChowk, Hazaribagh, Hazaribagh-825301, Tel:
6546-320250. HIMMATNAGAR: Unit No. 326, Third Floor, One World-1,Block-A,Himmatnagar-
383001,Gujarat,Phone No: 02772244332,Email id:camshim@camsonline.com HISAR: 12, Opp. Bank of
Baroda, Red Square Market, Hisar, Hisar-125001, Tel: 1662-329580. HOSHIARPUR :NearArchies Gallery,
Shimla PahariChowk, Hoshiarpur, Hoshiarpur-146 001, Tel: 1882-321082. HOSUR:No.9/2, 1st Floor,Attibele
Road, HCF Post,Behind RTO Office, Mathigiri, Hosur – 635110,Tel: 04344-645010. HUBLI: No.204 - 205, 1st
Floor, ‘ B ‘ Block, Kundagol Complex, Opp. Court, Club Road, Hubli-580029, Tel: 0836-329 3374. HYDERABAD:
208, II Floor, Jade Arcade, Paradise Circle, Secunderabad-500 003, Tel: 040-3918 2471, 3918 2473, 3918 2468,
3918 2469. INDORE: 101, Shalimar Corporate Centre, 8-B, South tukogunj, Opp.Greenpark, Indore-452 001,
Tel: 0731-325 3692, 325 3646. Ichalkaranji ; 12/179, Bairagdar Building, Behind Congress Committee Office,
Ichalkaranji. – 416115, Maharashtra. Phone No. 8830989955 Email Id: camsich@camsonline.com JABALPUR:
8, Ground Floor, Datt Towers, Behind Commercial Automobiles, Napier Town, Jabalpur-482001, Tel: 0761-329
87

--- PAGE 88 ---
1921. JAIPUR: R-7, YudhisthirMarg, C-Scheme, Behind Ashok Nagar Police Station, Jaipur-302 001, Tel: 0141-
326 9126, 326 9128, 5104373, 5104372. JALANDHAR: 144, Vijay Nagar, Near Capital Small Finance
Bank,Football Chowk, Jalandhar City – 144001 Phone No: 0181 – 2452336 Email Id: camsjal@camsonline.com
JALGAON: RustomjiInfotech Services, 70, Navipeth, Opp. Old Bus Stand, Jalgaon-425001, Tel: 0257-3207118.
JALNA : Shop No 6, Ground Floor, Anand Plaza Complex, Bharat Nagar,ShivajiPutla Road, Jalna, Jalna-431
203, Tel: - JALPAIGURI : Babu Para, Beside Meenaar Apartment, Ward No VIII, Kotwali Police Station, Post
Office & District : Jalpaigur – 735101, West Bengal. JAMMU: JRDS Heights, Lane Opp. S&S Computers, Near
RBI Building, Sector 14, Nanak Nagar, Jammu-180004, Tel: 09205432061, 2432601. JAMNAGAR: 217/218,
Manek Centre, P.N. Marg, Jamnagar-361008, Tel: 0288-3206200. JAMSHEDPUR: Tee Kay Corporate Towers,
Third Floor, S B Shop Area, Main Road, Bistupur, Jamshedpur-831001, Jharkhand, Tel: 0657-2320015, Email
id: camsjpr@camsonline.com JAUNPUR :248, FORT ROAD, Near AMBER HOTEL, Jaunpur -222001, Tel:
5452-321630. JHANSI: 372/18 D, 1st Floor, Above IDBI Bank, Beside V-Mart, Near "RASKHAN", Gwalior Road,
Jhansi – 284001, Tel: 9235402124/ 7850883325. JODHPUR: 1/5, Nirmal Tower, IstChopasani Road, Jodhpur-
342003, Tel: 0291-325 1357. JORHAT: Jail road, Dholasatra,Near Jonaki Shangha Vidyalaya,Post Office –
Dholasatra, Jorhat – 785001, Assam, Tel : 0376-2932558. JORHAT: Singh building, Ground Floor, C/o-
Prabhdeep Singh, Punjabi Gali, Opposite V-mart, Gar Ali, PO & PS, Jorhat – 785 001, Assam. Phone No:
7086113787, Email id: camsjor@camsonline.com JUNAGADH: “AASTHA PLUS”, 202-A, 2nd floor, Sardarbag
road, Near Alkapuri, Opp. Zansi Rani Statue, Junagadh – 362001, Gujarat, Tel: 0285-6540002. KALYAN: CAMS
Service Centre. Office No 413, 414, 415, 4th Floor, Seasons Business Centre, Opposite KDMC (Kalyan Dombivli
Municipal Corporation), Shivaji Chowk, Kalyan West – 421 301. Email id: camskyn@camsonline.com KADAPA:
D.No: 3/2151/2152, Shop No: 4, Near Food Nation, Raja Reddy Street, Kadapa – 516 001, Andhra Pradesh ,
Tel: : 08562-248695 Email: camskdp@camsonline.com . KANGRA: Collage Road, Kangra, District Kangra-
176001, Himachal Pradesh.Email: camskan@camsonline.com Phone no:01892-260089 KAKINADA: D No-25-
4-29,1st floor, Kommireddy Vari Street, Beside Warf Road, Opposite Swathi Medicals, Kakinada - 533001,
Andhra Pradesh, Phone No.: 0884-6560102. KANNUR: Room No.14/435, Casa Marina Shopping Centre, Talap,
Kannur, Kannur-670004, Tel: 497-324 9382. KANPUR: I Floor 106 to 108, CITY CENTRE Phase II, 63/ 2, THE
MALL, Kanpur-208 001, Tel: 0512-3918003, 3918000, 3918001, 3918002. KARIMNAGAR: HNo.7-1-257,
Upstairs S B H, Mangammathota, Karimnagar, Karimnagar -505 001, Tel: 878-3205752, 3208004. KARNAL 29,
Avtar Colony,Behind Vishal Mega Mart, Karnal – 132001, KARUR: No. A5 75/1, Vaiyapuri Nagar, 2nd Cross,
Karur -639 002, Tamil Nadu., Tel: 4324-311329, E-mail – camskar@camsonline.com . KASARAGOD : KMC
XXV/88, I, 2nd Floor, Stylo Complex, Above Canara Bank, Bank Road, Kasaragod – 671121. Tel: 04994-224326
KASHIPUR: Dev Bazar, Bazpur Road, Kashipur-244713 Email:camskpv@camsonline.com KATNI: 1st FLOOR,
GURUNANAK DHARMAKANTA, Jabalpur Road, BARGAWAN, KATNI-483 501, Tel: 7622-322104. KATIHAR:
C/o, Rice Education and IT Centre, Near Wireless Gali, Amla Tola Road, Katihar, Bihar – 854105. E-mail -
camskir@camsonline.com KESTOPUR: S.D. Tower, Sreeparna Apartment, AA-101, Prafulla Kannan (West),
Shop No. 1M, Block –C (Ground Floor), Kestopur – 700101, Kolkata. KHAMMAM : Shop No: 11 - 2 - 31/3, 1st
floor, Philips Complex, Balajinagar, Wyra Road, Near Baburao Petrol Bunk, KHAMMAM-507 001, Tel: 8742-
323973. KHARAGPUR: Silver Palace, OT Road, Inda-Kharagpur, G.P-Barakola, P.S- Kharagpur Local –
721305, District West Midnapore, Phone No.: 9800456034. KOLHAPUR: 2 B, 3rd Floor, Ayodhya Towers,
Station Road, Kolhapur-416001, Tel: 0231-3209 356. KOLKATA:CAMS COLLECTION CENTER 3/1, R.N.
Mukherjee Road, 3rd Floor, Office space -3C, “Shreeram Chambers” Kolkata -700 001. KORBA: KH. No.
183/2G, Opposite Blue Diamond The Hotel, T.P. Nagar, Korba, 495677 Chhattisgarh. Phone No: 7759 356037
Email id: camskrba@camsonline.com KOTA: B-33 ‘KalyanBhawan, Triangle Part, Vallabh Nagar, Kota-324007,
Tel: 0744-329 3202. KOTTAYAM: Thamarapallil Building, Door No - XIII/658, M L Road, Near KSRTC Bus Stand
Road, Kottayam – 686001, Phone No.: 9207760018. KRISHNANAGAR: R.N Tagore Road,In front of Kotwali P.
S.,Krishnanagar, Nadia.Pin-741101 KUMBAKONAM: No. 28/8, 1st Floor, Balakrishna Colony, Pachaiappa
Street, Near VPV Lodge, Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu - 612001. Email ID: camskum@camsonline.com Phone
No.: 0435-2403747 KURNOOL: Shop Nos. 26 and 27, Door No. 39/265A and 39/265B, Second Floor, Skanda
Shopping Mall, Old Chad Talkies, Vaddageri,39th Ward, Kurnool - 518001, Andhra Pradesh. Tel: 08518-650391.
KUKATPALLY: No. 15-31-2M-1/4, 1st Floor, 14-A, MIG, KPHB Colony, Kukatpally, Hyderabad – 500072.
LATUR: Shop No. 5 & 6 B2B Elite, Ground Floor, Near Deshikendra School, Signal Camp, Latur, 413512,
Maharashtra. Phone no. 7798557446 Email ID: camslur@camsonline.com. LUCKNOW: Office no,107,1st floor,
Vaishali Arcade Building, Plot no 11, 6 Park Road, Lucknow – 226001, Uttar Pradesh. Phone No: 0522 –
4007938 Email Id: camsluc@camsonline.comLUDHIANA: U/ GF, Prince Market, Green Field, Near Traffic
Lights, Sarabha Nagar Pulli, Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana-141 002, Tel: 0161-301 8000, 301 8001. MADURAI:
Shop No 3, 2nd Floor, Suriya Towers, 272/273 - Goodshed Street, Madurai - 625001. Phone No.: 0452- 4983515
88