--- PAGE 1 ---
SCHEME INFORMATION DOCUMENT
SECTION I
This product is suitable for Scheme Riskometer
Benchmark Riskometer
investors who are seeking*:
BSE 500 TRI Index
• Long-term capital
appreciation.
• Investment in a portfolio of
equity shares, while offering
deduction under Section 80C
of Income Tax Act, 1961.
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Continuous offer for Units at NAV based prices
Mutual Fund Trustee Company Asset Management Company
SBI Mutual Fund SBI Mutual Fund Trustee SBI Funds Management Limited
Company Private Limited ('AMC')
('Trustee Company') (A joint venture between SBI and
CIN: AMUNDI)
U65991MH2003PTC138496 CIN: U65990MH1992PLC065289
Corporate Office Registered Office: Registered Office:
9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 38 & 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 38 & 39, G
38 & 39, G Block, Bandra- 39, G Block, Bandra-Kurla, Block, Bandra-Kurla, Complex, Bandra
Kurla, Complex, Bandra Complex, Bandra (East), (East), Mumbai- 400 051
(East), Mumbai- 400 051 Mumbai- 400 051
www.sbimf.com
The particulars of the Scheme have been prepared in accordance with the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, (herein after referred to as SEBI (MF)
Regulations) as amended till date and circulars issued thereunder filed with SEBI, along with a
Due Diligence Certificate from the AMC. The units being offered for public subscription have not been
approved or recommended by SEBI nor has SEBI certified the accuracy or adequacy of the Scheme
Information Document.
1

--- PAGE 2 ---
The Scheme Information Document sets forth concisely the information about the scheme that a
prospective investor ought to know before investing. Before investing, investors should also ascertain
about any further changes to this Scheme Information Document after the date of this Document from the
Mutual Fund / Investor Service Centres / Website / Distributors or Brokers.
The investors are advised to refer to the Statement of Additional Information (SAI) for details of SBI
Mutual Fund, Standard Risk Factors, Special Considerations, Tax and Legal issues and general
information on www.sbimf.com
SAI is incorporated by reference (is legally a part of the Scheme Information Document). For
a free copy of the current SAI, please contact your nearest Investor Service Centre or log on
to our website.
The Scheme Information Document (Section I and II) should be read in conjunction with the
SAI and not in isolation.
This Scheme Information Document is dated October 31, 2025.
2

--- PAGE 3 ---
Part I. HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME
Sr. No. Title Description
I. Name of the scheme SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund (previously known as SBI Long Term Equity
Fund)
II. Category of the Scheme Equity Schemes - ELSS
III. Scheme type An open ended Equity Linked Saving Scheme with a statutory lock-in
period of 3 years and tax benefit
IV. Scheme code SBIM/O/E/ELS/99/09/0014
V. Investment objective The prime objective of scheme is to deliver the benefit of investment
in a portfolio of equity shares, while offering deduction on such
investment made in the scheme under section 80C of the Income-tax
Act, 1961. It also seeks to distribute income periodically depending on
distributable surplus.
However, there is no guarantee or assurance that the
investment objective of the scheme will be achieved. The
scheme doesn’t assure or guarantee any returns.
VI. Liquidity/listing details The scheme would provide redemption / switch facility to investor
(subject to completion of statutory lock in period of 3 years from the
date of allotment), on an ongoing basis on every business day at
applicable NAV subject to prevailing exit load.
VII. Benchmark (Total The scheme would be benchmarked against the BSE 500 Index
Return Index) TRI.
The composition of the aforesaid benchmark is such that it is
most suited for comparing performance of the scheme.
The Trustees reserves the right to change the benchmark in
future if a benchmark better suited to the investment objective
of the scheme is available.
VIII. NAV disclosure 11.00 p.m. on same business day
For further details, please refer to Section II.
IX. Applicable timelines Timeline for
• Dispatch of redemption proceeds - 3 working days from
the date of redemption or repurchase (under normal
circumstances)
• Dispatch of IDCW (if applicable) - Within 7 working days
from the record date.
3

--- PAGE 4 ---
X. Plans and Options The Scheme has Regular Plan and Direct plan. Both plans
Plans/Options and sub have Growth & IDCW options. IDCW option has Reinvestment,
options under the Scheme Payout & Transfer facilities.
For detailed disclosure on default plans and options, kindly
refer SAI.
XI. Load Structure Entry Load – Not applicable
Exit Load - Nil
The AMC reserves the right to modify / change the load
structure on a prospective basis.
XII. Minimum Application Rs. 500/- & in multiples of Rs. 500 thereafter (Investment in the
Amount/switch in Scheme would be subject to lock-in-period of 3 years from the date of
allotment)
Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI Funds
Management Limited in line with paragraph 6.10 of the SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, requirement for
minimum application/ redemption amount will not be applicable
Minimum Additional Rs. 500 & in multiples of Rs. 500/- thereafter (Investment in the
XIII.
Purchase Amount Scheme would be subject to lock-in-period of 3 years)
XIV. Minimum Rs. 500/- or 1 unit or account balance whichever is lower.
Redemption/switch out
amount
Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI Funds
Management Limited in terms of paragraph 6.10 of the SEBI Master
circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, requirement for
minimum application/ redemption amount will not be applicable
XV. New Fund Offer Period Not applicable
This is the period during
which a new scheme
sells its units to the
investors.
XVI. New Fund Offer Price: Not applicable
This is the price per unit
that the investors have to
pay to invest during the
NFO.
XVII. Segregated The scheme doesn’t have provision for segregated portfolio.
portfolio/side pocketing For Details, kindly refer SAI
disclosure
XVIII Swing pricing disclosure The Scheme doesn’t have a provision for swing pricing. For Details,
kindly refer SAI
XIX. Stock lending/short The Scheme will not engage in Stock lending/short selling.
selling
XX. How to Apply and other Investors are advised to refer SAI & application form for instructions
details Please note that Applications complete in all respects together with
necessary remittance may be submitted before the closing of the offer
at any OPAT of SBIMF as may be designated by AMC. The
4

--- PAGE 5 ---
application amount in cheque shall be payable to “SBI ELSS Tax
Saver Fund” The Cheques should be payable at the Centre where
the application is lodged. No outstation cheques or stock invests will
be accepted.
Investors are requested to note that application form is available with
Investor Service Centres(ISCs)/Official Points of Acceptance (OPAs)
of SBI Mutual Fund or can be downloaded from
https://www.sbimf.com/forms. The list of the Investor Service Centres
(ISCs)/Official Points of Acceptance (OPAs) is also available on
https://www.sbimf.com/contact-us.
Further, pursuant to AMFI Best Practice Guidelines Circular dated
January 31, 2025, financial transactions received through email in
respect of non-individual investors will be accepted subject to terms
and conditions.
For details kindly refer section II.
XXI. Investor services Details of Investor Relations Officer of the AMC:
Name: Mr. C A Santosh
Address: SBI Funds Management Ltd.,
Investor Relations Officer)
Address: 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C– 38 & 39, G Block, Bandra-Kurla,
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051
Telephone number: 022 61793537
Fax: 022- 67425687
e-mail: customer.delight@sbimf.com
XXII Specific attribute of the Not applicable
scheme (such as lock
in, duration in case of
target maturity
scheme/close ended
schemes) (as
applicable)
XXIII Special product/facility Systematic Investment Plan
available on ongoing
basis Facility given to the Unit holders to invest specified sums in the
Scheme on periodic basis by giving a single instruction..
Systematic Withdrawal Plan / SWP
Facility given to the Unit holders to withdraw amounts from the
Scheme(s) on periodic basis by giving a single instruction after the
statutory lock-in period.
Systematic Transfer Plan / STP
Facility given to the Unit holders to transfer sums on periodic basis
from one scheme to another schemes launched by the Mutual Fund
from time to time by giving a single instruction after the statutory lock-
in period.
For further details of above special products / facilities, For Details,
5

--- PAGE 6 ---
kindly refer SAI.
XXIV. Weblink Weblink in TER for last 6 months, Daily TER as well as scheme
factsheet shall be made available.
TER for last 6 months/ Daily TER:
https://www.sbimf.com/total-expense-ratio-of-mutual-fund-schemes
Scheme factsheet
https://www.sbimf.com/factsheets
6

--- PAGE 8 ---
Part II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME
A. HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSETS?
Under normal circumstances, the asset allocation pattern will be:
Type of Instrument % of Corpus
Equities, Cumulative Convertible Preference Shares, and Fully
80-100
Convertible Debentures (FCDs) & Bonds*
Money Market Instruments ** 0-20
* Investment shall also be made in Partly Convertible Debentures (PCDs) and bonds including those issued
on rights basis subject to the condition that as far as possible the non-convertible portion of the debentures
so acquired or subscribed shall be divested within a period of 12 months. The balance funds shall be
invested in short term money market instruments or other liquid instruments or both. The investment
process as above will be completed within six months. In the interim period the funds will be invested in
short term money market instruments or other liquid instruments or both. After 6 months from the closure
of the scheme, the fund may invest an amount not exceeding 15% of the resources mobilised in money
market and other liquid instruments could go upto 20% of the net assets of the scheme.
** Money Market Instruments will include Commercial Paper, Certificates of Deposit, Treasury Bills, Bills
Rediscounting, Repos, short term bank deposits, short-term Government securities (of maturities less than
1 year) and any other such short-term instruments as may be allowed under the regulations prevailing from
time to time.
The Scheme may invest in derivatives (equity as well as debt) and Securitized Debt, as and when,
permitted by ELSS /SEBI Guidelines.
The investments may be made in primary as well as secondary markets. The portfolio will be sufficiently
diversified so as to reduce the risk of underperformance due to unexpected security specific factors. If
allowed in future, the fund may invest in foreign equities (subject to relevant RBI guidelines and subject to
RBI approval).
Investment in FCDs & PCDs will be in securities rated as investment grade by a credit rating agency
authorised to carry out such activity under the SEBI Act, 1992. In case a debt instrument is not rated,
Mutual Funds may constitute committees who can approve such proposals for investments in unrated
instruments subject to the approval of the detailed parameters for such investments by the Board of
Directors of SBIFML and SBIMFTCPL. The Scheme being open-ended, some portion of the portfolio will
be invested in highly liquid money market instruments or government paper so as to meet the normal
repurchase requirements. The remaining investments will be made in securities which are either expected
to be reasonably liquid or of varying maturities. However, the NAV of the Scheme may be impacted if the
securities invested in are rendered illiquid after investment.
Portfolio rebalancing
The above investment pattern is indicative. The fund manager may change this on defensive
considerations, and such changes shall be for short period. The funds raised under the scheme shall be
invested only in transferable securities as per SEBI Regulations, 1996.
Pursuant to Paragraph 2.9 of Master Circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024 read with SEBI circular
no. SEBI/HO/IMD/PoD2/P/CIR/2025/92 dated June 26, 2025 .in case the fund manager for any reason
is not able to rebalance the asset allocation due to passive breaches (occurrence of instances not arising
out of omission and commission of AMC) within 30 business days from the date of deviation , justification
in writing, including details of efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before Investment
Committee. The Investment Committee, if so desires, can extend the timelines up to sixty (60) business
8

--- PAGE 9 ---
days from the date of completion of mandated rebalancing period. Further, it will follow timelines for
rebalancing of portfolios of Mutual Fund Schemes, reporting & disclosure requirements in pursuant to
Paragraph 2.9.4 of Master Circular for mutual funds. The funds raised under the scheme shall be invested
only in transferable securities as per Regulation 44(1), Schedule 7 of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations,
1996.
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST?
Equities, Cumulative Convertible Preference Shares, and Fully Convertible Debentures (FCDs), Bonds,
Money Market Instruments & repo in corporate debt.
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES?
Investment Strategy for SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund - The scheme will invest in a diversified range of
stocks. The fund manager would use a bottom-up analysis focused on a mix of fundamental factors as
well as other parameters such as valuations, management quality etc. The stocks in the portfolio are
carefully analysed to include companies with robust business models and sustainable competitive
advantages compared to their competitors. The fund will be sector- and market-cap agnostic.
The scheme will predominantly be actively managed to achieve its investment objective.
For details pertaining to Risk Controls Strategies refer to Section II of the Scheme Information Document.
PORTFOLIO TURNOVER
The Portfolio Turnover is defined as the lower of the value of purchases or sales as a percentage of the
average corpus of the Scheme during a specified period of time. The Asset Management Company does not
have a policy statement on portfolio turnover. Generally, the Asset Management Company's portfolio
management style is conducive to a low portfolio turnover rate. However, given the nature of the Scheme
which follows a monthly cycle or rollover / positions the portfolio turnover is expected to be high. Further,
there are trading opportunities that present themselves from time to time. These trading opportunities may
be due to trading opportunities in equities, changes in interest rate policy by the Reserve Bank of India, shifts
in the yield curve, credit rating changes or any other factors where in the opinion of the fund manager there
is an opportunity to enhance the total return of the portfolio. It will be the endeavour of the fund manager to
keep portfolio turnover rates as low as possible.
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE?
The First Tier benchmark of the Scheme is BSE 500 TRI Index
The composition of the aforesaid first tier benchmark is such that it is most suited for comparing performance
of the scheme. The trustee reserve the right to change the benchmark if due to a change in market conditions,
a different index /indices appears to provide a more appropriate basis for comparison of fund performance.
9

--- PAGE 10 ---
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME?
Name of the Fund Educational Type and nature of past experiences including
Manager, Age & tenure Qualifications assignments held during the last 10 years
of managing the
scheme
Mr. Dinesh B. Tech (IIT-B), Mr. Dinesh has over 21 years of experience in the industry
Balachandran M. S. (MIT, primarily as Research Analyst.
Age : 44 Years USA), CFA
Charter holder Experience over past years:
Tenure of managing • Mar 2012 – till date: SBI Funds Management Ltd.
the scheme: 9.6 Years. • Aug 2004 – Dec 2011: Research Analyst, Fidelity
Managing since: Investments, USA
September 2016 • Sep 2001 – July 2004: Research Associate, Fidelity
Investments, USA
Presently, Dinesh Balachandran is managing SBI Balanced
Advantage Fund (Equity Portion), SBI Contra Fund, SBI
ELSS Tax Saver Fund, SBI Comma Fund, SBI Multi Asset
Allocation (Equity Portion) and SBI Flexicap Fund (earlier
SBI Magnum Multi Cap Fund).
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND?
The prime objective of scheme is to deliver the benefit of investment in a portfolio of equity shares, while
offering deduction on such investment made in the scheme under section 80C of the Income-tax Act, 1961. It
also seeks to distribute income periodically depending on distributable surplus.
Investments in this scheme would be subject to a statutory lock-in of 3 years from the date of allotment to avail
Section 80C benefits.
Reference list of other existing open ended equity schemes of SBI Mutual Fund are as follows:
Sr. no Name of Scheme Scheme Category
1 SBI MNC Fund Thematic Fund
2 SBI Small Cap Fund Small Cap Fund
3 SBI Multi Cap Fund Multi Cap Fund
4 SBI Dividend Yield Fund Dividend Yield Fund
5 SBI Comma Fund Thematic Funds
6 SBI Contra Fund Contra Fund
7 SBI Focused Fund Focused Fund
8 SBI Large & Midcap Fund Large & Mid Cap Fund
9 SBI Energy Opportunities Fund Thematic Fund
10 SBI Infrastructure Fund Sectoral Fund
11 SBI MidCap Fund Mid Cap Fund
12 SBI Technology Opportunities Fund Sectoral Fund
13 SBI Flexicap Fund Flexi Cap Fund
14 SBI Banking & Financial Services Fund Sectoral Fund
15 SBI Equity Minimum Variance Fund Thematic Funds
16 SBI PSU Fund Sectoral Funds
17 SBI Large Cap Fund Large Cap Fund
10

--- PAGE 11 ---
18 SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund ELSS
19 SBI ESG Exclusionary Strategy Fund Thematic Funds
20 SBI Consumption Opportunities Fund Thematic Funds
21 SBI Healthcare Opportunities Fund Sectoral Funds
22 SBI Automotive Opportunities Fund Sectoral Funds
23 SBI Innovative Opportunities Fund Sectoral Funds
24 SBI Quant Fund Thematic Fund
For comparative details of other schemes of SBI Mutual Fund, please refer to our website
https://www.sbimf.com/offer-document-sid-kim
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED (if applicable)
i) Performance of the Scheme (in %) as on September 30, 2025:
Benchmark Benchmark Returns
Scheme Returns % Scheme Returns %
Returns % %
Compounded
SBI ELSS Tax Saver SBI ELSS Tax Saver
Annualized Returns
Fund - Regular Plan – BSE 500 TRI Fund - Direct Plan – BSE 500 TRI
Growth Option Growth Option
Returns for the last
1 year (5.96) (5.50) (5.35) (5.50)
Returns for the last
3 years 24.12 16.12 24.96 16.12
Returns for the last
5 years 24.82 20.66 25.63 20.66
Returns since
N.A.
inception 16.23 16.30 14.32
Date of inception: 31/03/1993
Returns are CAGR calculated for Growth option. BSE 500 PRI values are available from 1st February 1999 & BSE
500 TRI values are available from 29th June 2007, hence since inception is N.A. Direct Plan was introduced on
January 01, 2013.
11

--- PAGE 12 ---
ii) Financial Year Wise Performance:
Absolute Returns for each financial year for the last 5 years
Financial Year Wise Returns
100
80
)%60
(
s
n40
r
u
t
e20
R
0
-20
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 FY 2021-22 FY 2020-21
SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund - Reg Scheme Benchmark: BSE 500 TRI
SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund - Direct
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES
i. Scheme’s portfolio holdings (top 10 holdings by issuer and fund allocation towards various
sectors) Please refer to website https://www.sbimf.com/sbimf-top-holdings/018
ii. Disclosure of name and exposure to Top 7 issuers, stocks, groups and sectors as a percentage
of NAV of the scheme in case of debt and equity ETFs/index funds - Not Applicable
iii. Website link for Portfolio Disclosure - Fortnightly / Monthly/ Half Yearly - – Please refer to our website
- https://www.sbimf.com/portfolios
iv. Portfolio Turnover Rate as on September 30, 2025 – 0.14
Sr. Category of Persons Net Value as on September Market Value ( in Rs.)
No. 30, 2025 as on September 30,
2025
Concerned scheme’s Fund Manager(s) Units NAV per unit
1 Mr. Dinesh Balachandran - SBI ELSS Tax 1 6,26,97,458.12
Saver Fund-Direct Plan – Growth 1,35,283.49 463.4524
For any other disclosure w.r.t investments by key personnel and AMC directors including regulatory
provisions in this regard kindly refer SAI.
i. Investments of AMC in the Scheme –
Please refer to website https://www.sbimf.com/offer-document-sid-kim
12

--- PAGE 14 ---
In the above example, purchase is done on April 01, 2018, when the Applicable NAV = Rs. 10/-
Therefore, Purchase Price = Rs. 10/-
As per existing Regulations, no entry load is charged with respect to applications for purchase / additional
purchase of mutual funds units.
Redemption/Re-purchase of mutual fund units
The Redemption Price of the Units will be calculated on the basis of the Applicable NAV subject to prevailing
Exit Load, if any. In case of redemption, the amount payable to the investor shall be calculated as follows:
Redemption Price = Applicable NAV * (1 - Exit Load)
Say, in the above example the exit load applicable is:
a. For exit on or before 12 months from the date of allotment – 1.00%
b. For exit after 12 months from the date of allotment – Nil.
Scenario 1: Redemption is done during applicability of exit load
In case the investor requests for redemption on or before 12 months i.e. on or before March 31, 2019; say
December 1, 2018, when the NAV of the scheme is Rs. 12/- and the exit load applicable is 1%, so the
Redemption amount payable to investor shall be calculated as follows:
Redemption Price = Applicable NAV * (1 - Exit Load)
= Rs. 12 * (1-1%) = Rs. 11.88/-
Scenario 2: Redemption is done when the exit load is NIL
In case the investor requests for redemption after 12 months i.e. after March 31, 2019; say April 1, 2019,
when the NAV of the scheme is Rs. 12/- and the exit load applicable is NIL, so the Redemption amount
payable to investor shall be calculated as follows:
Redemption Price = Applicable NAV * (1 - Exit Load)
= Rs. 12 * (1-0) = Rs. 12/-
The aforesaid example does not take into consideration any applicable statutory levies or taxes. Accordingly,
the redemption amount payable to investor shall further reduce to the extent of applicable statutory levies or
taxes.
Note: The aforesaid disclosure has been made pursuant to paragraph 8.1.5 of the SEBI Master Circular for
mutual funds dated June 27, 2024.
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES
These expenses are incurred for the purpose of various activities related to the NFO like sales and
distribution fees paid marketing and advertising, registrar expenses, printing and stationary, bank
charges etc. Details of source for meeting these expenses may be disclosed. AMC to ensure that no
NFO expenses will be / were charged to the Scheme.
Not Applicable
14

--- PAGE 15 ---
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES
These are the fees and expenses for operating the scheme. These expenses include Investment
Management and Advisory Fee charged by the AMC, Registrar and Transfer Agents’ fee, marketing
and selling costs etc. as given in the table below:
The AMC has estimated that upto 2.25%% of the daily net assets of the scheme will be charged to
the scheme as expenses (For the actual current expenses being charged, the investor should refer
to the website of the mutual fund.
The fees and expenses of operating the Scheme on an annual basis, expressed as a percentage of
the amount of the scheme's daily net assets, are estimated as follows:
Expense Head % of daily Net
Assets
Investment Management and Advisory Fees
Trustee fee
Audit fees
Custodian fees
RTA Fees
Marketing & Selling expense
Cost related to investor communications
Cost of fund transfer from location to location Upto 2.25%
Cost of providing account statements and Income Distribution cum Capital (fungible)
withdrawal redemption cheques and warrants
Costs of statutory Advertisements
Cost towards investor education & awareness (at least 2 bps)
Brokerage & transaction cost over and above 12 bps for cash transactions
Goods & Service tax on expenses other than investment and advisory fees
Goods & Service tax on brokerage and transaction cost
Other Expenses^
Maximum total expense ratio (TER) permissible under Regulation 52 (6) Upto 2.25%
(fungible)
Additional expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c)* Upto 0.05%
Additional expenses for gross new inflows from specified cities Upto 0.30%
^ Any other expenses which are directly attributable to the Scheme, may be charged with the approval of
the Trustee Within the overall limits as specified in the Regulations except those expenses which are
specifically prohibited.
Pursuant to paragraph 10.1.7 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, additional
expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c) shall not be levied if the scheme doesn’t have exit load.
The AMC has estimated that upto 2.25% of the daily net asset will be charged to the scheme as expenses.
The maximum annual recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme, excluding issue or
redemption expenses, whether initially borne by the mutual fund or by the asset management company,
but including the investment management and advisory fee shall be within the limits stated in Regulations
52 read with chapter 10 of SEBI master circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024. The AMC may
charge the investment and advisory fees within the limits of total expenses prescribed under Regulation
52 of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulation.
Direct Plan shall have a lower expense ratio excluding distribution expenses, commission, etc. vis-a-vis
15

--- PAGE 16 ---
the Regular Plan, and no commission shall be paid from Direct plan. Both the plans viz. Regular and Direct
plan shall have common portfolio.
For investor education and awareness initiative, the AMC or the Schemes of the Fund will annually set
apart at least 0.02 percent of daily net asset of the Schemes of the Fund within the maximum limit of the
total expense ratio as per SEBI Regulation
These estimates have been made in good faith as per the information available to the Investment Manager
based on past experience and are subject to change inter-se. Types of expenses charged shall be as per
the SEBI (MF) Regulations. However, as per regulation 52 of SEBI (MF) Regulations, Maximum limit of
recurring expenses under Regulation 52 are as under:
Maximum TER limits as % of daily net assets
Assets under management Slab (In Rs. crore) Total expense ratio limits
on the first Rs.500 crores of the daily net assets 2.25%
on the next Rs.250 crores of the daily net assets 2.00%
on the next Rs.1,250 crores of the daily net assets 1.75%
on the next Rs.3,000 crores of the daily net assets 1.60%
on the next Rs.5,000 crores of the daily net assets 1.50%
On the next Rs.40,000 crores of the daily net assets Total expense ratio reduction of 0.05% for
every increase of Rs.5,000 crores of daily
net assets or part thereof.
On balance of the assets 1.05%
In addition to expenses as permissible under Regulation 52 (6) (c), the AMC may charge the following
additional costs or expenses to the scheme:
• The Goods & service tax on investment management and advisory fees would be charged in addition to
above limit.
• Brokerage and transaction costs which are incurred for the purpose of execution of trade up to 0.12 per
cent of trade value in case of cash market transactions. Further, in terms of paragraph 10.1.14 of SEBI
Master Circular for Mutual funds dated June 27, 2024, any payment towards brokerage and transaction
cost, over and above the said 12 bps for cash market transactions may be charged to the scheme within
the maximum limit of Total Expense Ratio (TER) as prescribed under regulation 52 of the SEBI (Mutual
Funds) Regulations, 1996. Goods & Service tax on brokerage and transaction cost paid for execution of
trade, if any, shall be within the limit prescribed under regulation 52 of the Regulations
• In terms of Regulation 52 (6A) (b), expenses not exceeding of 0.30 per cent of daily net assets will be
charged, if the new inflows from such cities as specified from time to time are at least –
(i) 30 percent of gross new inflows in the scheme, or;
(ii) 15 percent of the average assets under management (year to date) of the scheme, whichever is
higher:
Provided that if inflows from such cities is less than the higher of sub-clause (i) or sub- clause (ii),
such expenses on daily net assets of the scheme shall be charged on proportionate basis:
Provided further that expenses charged under this clause shall be utilised for distribution expenses
incurred for bringing inflows from such cities:
Provided further that amount incurred as expense on account of inflows from such cities shall be credited
back to the scheme in case the said inflows are redeemed within a period of one year from the date of
investment.
Further, GST on expenses other than investment and advisory fees shall be borne by the Scheme within
the maximum limit of annual recurring expenses as prescribed in Regulation 52.
16

--- PAGE 17 ---
The Mutual Fund would update the current expense ratios on the website atleast three working days prior
to the effective date of the change. Investors can refer https://www.sbimf.com/en-us/disclosure/total-
expense-ratio-of-mutual-fund-schemes for Total Expense Ratio (TER) details.
Note: SEBI vide its letter no. SEBI/HO/IMD-SEC-3/P/OW/2023/5823/1 dated February 24, 2023 and
AMFI letter dated No. 35P/ MEM-COR/ 85-a/ 2022-23 dated March 02, 2023 has directed AMCs to keep
B-30 incentive structure in abeyance with effect from March 01, 2023 till further notice.
ILLUSTRATION OF IMPACT OF EXPENSE RATIO ON SCHEMES RETURNS:
Illustration of impact of expense ratio on scheme’s returns
Regular Plan Direct Plan
Opening NAV (INR) (a) 100.00 100.00
Scheme's gross return for the year 10% 10%
Closing NAV before charging expenses (INR) (b) 110.00 110.00
Total expense charged (INR) (c) 2.0% 1.5%
NAV after charging expenses (INR) (b-c) 108.00 108.50
Net return to the investor 8.00% 8.50%
Above illustration is a simplified calculation to show the impact of the expense charged on the
performance to the scheme. In the above illustration total expense charged to the scheme has been
mentioned in INR. As per the SEBI regulation, expense to the scheme is charged on daily basis on
the daily net assets and within the percentage limits specified in the SEBI regulations
D. LOAD STRUCTURE
Exit Load is an amount which is paid by the investor to subscribe to the units or to redeem the units from the
scheme. Load amounts are variable and are subject to change from time to time. For the current applicable
structure, please refer to the website of the AMC (www.sbimf.com) or may call at (toll free no. 1800 209
3333/1800 425 5425) or contact your distributor.
The following table illustrates the expenses that the investors will incur on their purchases/ sales of Units during
the continuous offer (including Systematic Investment Plan) under this scheme:
Load As a % of the NAV
Entry Load N. A.
Exit Load Nil
The charges stated above are a percentage of the NAV.
Please note that no Exit Load shall be levied for switching between Plans within the said Scheme
The AMC reserves the right to introduce a load structure, levy a different load structure or remove the load
structure in the scheme at any time after giving notice to that effect to the investors through an advertisement
in an English language daily that circulates all over India as well as in a newspaper published in the language
of the region where the Head Office of the mutual fund is situated.
The upfront commission on investment, if any, shall be paid to the ARN Holder directly by the investor, based
on the investor’s assessment of various factors including service rendered by the ARN Holder.
17

--- PAGE 18 ---
The exit load charged, if any, after the commencement of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) (Second Amendment)
Regulations, 2012, shall be credited to the scheme. GST on exit load shall be paid out of the exit load proceeds
and exit load net of service tax shall be credited to the scheme.
For any change in load structure AMC will issue an addendum and display it on the website/ Official point of
acceptance of SBI MF.
Any imposition or enhancement in the load shall be applicable on prospective investments only. At the time of
changing the load structure, the mutual fund may consider the following measures to avoid complaints from
investors about investment in the schemes without knowing the loads:
i. The AMC shall be required to issue an addendum and display the same on its website immediately.
ii. The addendum shall be circulated to all the distributors/brokers/Investor Service Centre (ISC) so that the
same can be attached to all KIM and SID already in stock till it is updated.
iii. Latest applicable addendum shall be a part of KIM and SID. (E.g. in case of changes in load structure the
addendum carrying the latest applicable load structure shall be attached to all KIM and SID already in stock
till it is updated).
iv. Further, the account statements shall continue to include applicable load structure.
In accordance with SEBI Regulations, the repurchase price will not be lower than 95% of the NAV
The investor is requested to check the prevailing load structure of the Scheme before investing.
18

--- PAGE 19 ---
Section II
I. Introduction
A. Definitions/interpretation
Please refer to www. https://www.sbimf.com/offer-document-sid-kim
B. Risk factors
Scheme specific risk factors
a) The Trustees, AMC, Fund, their directors or their employees shall not be liable for any tax consequences
that may arise in the event that the scheme is wound up for the reasons and in the manner provided under
the Scheme Information Document & Statement of Additional Information.
b) In the event of an inordinately large number of redemption requests, or of a restructuring of the scheme's
investment portfolio, these periods may become significant. In view of the same, the right to limit
redemptions (including suspending redemptions) under certain circumstances will be in accordance with
Paragraph 1.12 of SEBI Master Circular
The liquidity of the Scheme’s investments is inherently restricted by trading volumes and settlement periods.
c) Redemption by the unit holders due to change in the fundamental attributes of the Scheme or due to any
other reasons may entail tax consequences. The Trustees, AMC, Fund their directors or their employees
shall not be liable for any tax consequences that may arise.
d) The tax benefits described in this Scheme Information Document are as available under the present taxation
laws and are available subject to relevant condition. The information given is included only for general
purpose and is based on advice received by the AMC regarding the law and practice currently in force in
India and the Investors and Unit Holders should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules or their interpretation
may change. As in the case with any investment, there can be no guarantee that the tax position or the
proposed tax position prevailing at the time of the investment in the Scheme will endure indefinitely. In view
of the individual nature of tax consequences, each Investor / Unit holder is advised to consult his/her/its own
professional tax advisor.
e) The Scheme will be investing in equity & equity related instruments, debt instruments, and money market
instruments (such as call money market, term/notice money market, repos, reverse repos and any alternative
to the call money market as may be directed by the RBI). The liquidity of the scheme’s investments is
inherently restricted by trading volumes and settlement periods. In the event of an inordinately large number
of redemption requests, or of a restructuring of the scheme’s investment portfolio, these periods may become
significant.
f) The Mutual Fund is not assuring any IDCW nor is it assuring that it will make any IDCW distributions. All
IDCW distributions are subject to the availability of distributable surplus and would depend on the
performance of the scheme.
g) Stock Lending: Securities Lending is a lending of securities through an approved intermediary to a borrower
under an agreement for a specified period with the condition that the borrower will return equivalent securities
of the same type or class at the end of the specified period along with the corporate benefits accruing on the
securities borrowed. There are risks inherent in securities lending, including the risk of failure of the other
party, in which case the securities might go in for auction. In the event of exceptional circumstances resulting
in non-availability of securities in auction, such transactions would be financially closed-out at appropriate
19

--- PAGE 21 ---
• Liquidity Risk pertains to how saleable a security is in the market. If a particular security does not have
a market at the time of sale, then the scheme may have to bear an impact depending on its exposure
to that particular security.
• Interest Rate risk is associated with movements in interest rate, which depend on various factors such
as government borrowing, inflation, economic performance etc. The values of investments will
appreciate/depreciate if the interest rates fall/rise.
• Reinvestment risk: This risk arises from uncertainty in the rate at which cash flows from an investment
may be reinvested. This is because the bond will pay coupons, which will have to be reinvested. The
rate at which the coupons will be reinvested will depend upon prevailing market rates at the time the
coupons are received.
• The Scheme may invest in the units of liquid mutual funds. Trading volumes, settlement periods and
transfer procedures may restrict the liquidity of the investments made by the underlying scheme of
mutual funds wherein the Scheme has invested. As a result, the time taken by the Mutual Fund for the
redemption of units may be significant in the event of a high number of redemption requests or a
restructuring of the scheme. In view of the above, the Trustee has a right in its sole discretion, to limit
redemptions under certain circumstances as described under the section titled Right to Limit
Redemptions.
k) Risk factors associated with repo transactions in corporate debt securities:
Corporate Bond Repo transactions are currently done on OTC basis and settled on non guaranteed basis.
Credit risks could arise if the counterparty does not return the security as contracted on due date. The
liquidation of underlying bonds in case of counterparty default would depend on the liquidity of the bond
and market conditions at that time. This risk is largely mitigated, as the choice of counterparties is largely
restricted and also haircuts are applicable on the underlying bonds depending on credit ratings. Also
operational risks are lower as such trades are settled on a DVP basis.
In the event of the scheme being unable to pay back the money to the counterparty as contracted in
case of transactions as a borrower, the counter party may dispose of the assets (as they have sufficient
margin) and the net proceeds may be refunded to the Mutual Fund. Thus, the scheme may in remote
cases suffer losses. This risk is normally mitigated by better cash flow planning to take care of such
repayments.
RISK CONTROL STRATEGIES:
Investments in Equity and equity related instruments, debt, money market instruments carry various risks
such as inability to sell securities, trading volumes and settlement periods, market risk, interest rate risk,
liquidity risk, default risk, reinvestment risk etc. Whilst such risks cannot be eliminated, they may be mitigated
by diversification and hedging.
In order to mitigate the various risks, the portfolio of the Scheme will be constructed in accordance with the
investment restriction specified under the Regulations which would help in mitigating certain risks relating
to investments in securities market.
Further, the AMC has necessary framework in place for risk mitigation at an enterprise level. The Risk
Management division is an independent division within the organization. Internal limits are defined and
judiciously monitored. Risk indicators on various parameters are computed and are monitored on a regular
basis. There is a Board level Committee, the Risk Management Committee of the Board, which enables a
dedicated focus on risk factors and the relevant risk mitigates.
For risk control, the following may be noted:
21

--- PAGE 24 ---
c. 6% of its NAV in debt and money market securities rated A and below issued by a single issuer.
The above investment limits may be extended by up to 2% of the NAV of the scheme with prior approval of
the Board of Trustees and Board of Directors of the AMC, subject to compliance with the overall 12% limit
specified in clause 1 of Seventh Schedule of MF Regulation.
b. A mutual fund scheme shall not invest in unlisted debt instruments including commercial papers, except
Government Securities and other money market instruments.
Provided that Mutual Fund Schemes may invest in unlisted non-convertible debentures up to a maximum of
10% of the debt portfolio of the scheme subject to such conditions as may be specified by the Board from
time to time
The mutual fund scheme shall comply with the norms under this clause within the time and in the manner
as may be specified by SEBI.
The investment in unrated debt and money market instruments shall be as per the norms specified by SEBI
from time to time.
c. Debentures, irrespective of any residual maturity period (above or below one year), shall attract the
investment restrictions as applicable for debt instruments.
d. The Fund under all its Schemes shall not own more than 10% of any company's paid up capital carrying
voting rights.
Provided, investment in the asset management company or the trustee company of a mutual fund shall be
governed by clause (a), of sub-regulation (1), of regulation 7B.
e. Transfer of investments from one scheme to another scheme of the same mutual fund, shall be allowed
only if :
a) Such transfers are done at the prevailing market price for quoted securities on spot basis; explanation
- “spot basis” shall have the same meaning as specified by the stock exchange for spot transactions,
and
b) The securities so transferred shall be in conformity with the investment objective of the scheme to
which such transfer has been made.
c) For meeting liquidity requirement in a scheme in case of unanticipated redemption pressure
d) For Duration/Issuer/Sector/Group rebalancing
f. The scheme may invest in another scheme under the same asset management company or any other
mutual fund without charging any fees, provided that aggregate inter-scheme investment made by all
schemes under the same management or in schemes under the management of any other asset
management company shall not exceed 5% of the net asset value of the mutual fund.
g. The Mutual Fund shall buy and sell securities on the basis of deliveries and shall in all cases of purchases,
take delivery of relevant securities and in all cases of sale, deliver the securities:
Provided that a mutual fund may not engage in short selling of securities.
Provided further that a mutual fund may enter into derivatives transactions in a recognized stock exchange,
subject to the framework specified by the Board.
Provided further that sale of government security already contracted for purchase shall be permitted in
accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India in this regard.
24

--- PAGE 25 ---
h. The mutual fund shall get the securities purchased or transferred in the name of the mutual fund on account
of the concerned scheme, wherever investments are intended to be of long-term nature.
i. Pending deployment of funds of the Scheme, the AMC may invest funds of the Scheme in short-term
deposits of scheduled commercial banks, subject to the following conditions as per the paragraph 12.16 of
the SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, as may be amended from time to time:
i. “Short Term” for parking of funds shall be treated as a period not exceeding 91 days.
ii. Such short-term deposits shall be held in the name of the Scheme.
iii. The Scheme shall not park more than 15% of their net assets in the short term deposit(s) of all the
scheduled commercial banks put together. However, it may be raised to 20% with the prior approval
of the Trustee. Also, parking of funds in short term deposits of associate and sponsor scheduled
commercial banks together shall not exceed 20% of total deployment by the Mutual Fund in short
term deposits.
iv. The Scheme shall not park more than 10% of their net assets in short term deposit(s) with any one
scheduled commercial bank including its subsidiaries.
v. The Trustee / AMC shall ensure that the funds of the Scheme are not parked in the short term deposits
of a bank which has invested in the Scheme.
vi. AMC will not charge any investment management and advisory fees for parking of funds in short term
deposits of scheduled commercial banks.
vii. The Trustee / AMC shall also ensure that the bank in which a scheme has short term deposits do not
invest in the scheme until the scheme has short term deposits with such bank.
The above provisions do not apply to term deposits placed as margins for trading in cash and derivative
market.
j. The scheme shall not make any investment in;
a) any unlisted security of an associate or group company of the sponsor; or
b) any security issued by way of private placement by an associate or group company of the sponsor;
or
c) The listed securities of group companies of the sponsor which is in excess of 25% of the net assets.
k. The scheme shall not make any investment in any Fund of Funds scheme.
l. No mutual fund scheme shall invest more than 10 per cent of its NAV in the equity shares or equity related
instruments of any company.
m. All investments by a mutual fund scheme in equity shares and equity related instruments shall only be made
provided such securities are listed or to be listed.
n. The scheme shall not advance any loan for any purpose.
C. Fundamental Attributes
Following are the Fundamental Attributes of the scheme, in terms of Regulation 18 (15A) of the SEBI (MF)
Regulations:
(i) Type of the Scheme
An Open-ended Equity Linked Savings Scheme with a statutory lock-in period of 3 years and tax benefit.
(ii) Investment Objective
(a) Deliver the benefit of investment in a portfolio of equity shares, while offering deduction on such
investments made in the scheme under section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
25

--- PAGE 26 ---
(b) Distribute income periodically depending on distributable surplus.
o Main Objective – Growth
o Investment pattern - The indicative portfolio break-up with minimum and maximum asset allocation,
while retaining the option to alter the asset allocation for a short term period on defensive
considerations. For detailed asset allocation pattern refer Section C above.
(iii) Terms of Issue
Sale of Units: Units would be offered for subscription on all business days at NAV related prices.
Liquidity: The scheme would provide redemption / switch facility to investor (subject to completion of
statutory lock in period of 3 years from the date of allotment), on an ongoing basis on every business day
at applicable NAV subject to prevailing exit load
Aggregate fee and expenses: Would be restricted to the ceilings of recurring expenses stated in
Regulation 52(6) of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulation. The fee and expenses proposed to be charged
by the scheme is detailed in Section Fee and Expenses.
(iv) Any Safety Net or Guarantee provided
This Scheme does not provide any guaranteed or assured return to its Investors.
In accordance with Regulation 18(15A) of the SEBI (MF) Regulations, the Trustee shall ensure that no
change in the fundamental attributes of the Scheme there under or the trust or fee and expenses payable
or any other change which would modify the Scheme and affect the interests of unit holders is carried out
unless: -
• A written communication about the proposed change is sent to each Unit holder and an advertisement
is given in one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper
published in the language of the region where the Head Office of the Mutual Fund is situated; and
• The Unit holders are given an option for a period atleast 30 calendar days to exit at the prevailing Net
Asset Value without any exit load.
Comments from SEBI are taken before making changes in Fundamental Attributes of the Scheme
D. Index methodology (for index funds, ETFs and FOFs having one underlying domestic ETF)-
Disclosures regarding the index, index eligibility criteria, methodology, index service provider, index
constituents, impact cost of the constituents - Not Applicable
E. Principles of incentive structure for market makers (for ETFs) - Not Applicable
F. Floors and ceiling within a range of 5% of the intended allocation against each sub class of
asset, as per clause 13.6.2 of SEBI master circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024 (only
for close ended debt schemes) - Not Applicable
G. Other Scheme Specific Disclosures:
Listing and transfer of units The Scheme being open-ended, the Units are not proposed to
be listed on any stock exchange. However, the AMC may, at
its sole discretion, list the Units on one or more stock
exchanges at a later date.
26

--- PAGE 27 ---
The Units under the Scheme are transferable subject to
completion of lock in period of three years, however,
additions/deletion of names will not be allowed under any folio
of the Scheme.
The above provisions in respect of deletion of names will not
be applicable in case of death of Unit Holder (in respect of joint
holdings) as this will be treated as transmission of Units and
not transfer.
The Units held in dematerialized form can be transferred and
transmitted in accordance with the provisions of SEBI
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2008, as may be
amended from time to time. The delivery instructions for
transfer of Units will have to be lodged with the Depository
Participant in the prescribed form and transfer will be effected
in accordance with such rules/regulations as may be in force
governing transfer of securities in dematerialized form. The
Units held in demat mode can be pledged and hypothecated
as per the provisions of Depositories Act and Rules and
Regulations framed by Depositories.
Units in SOA may be transferred subject to prevailing
AMFI/SEBI guidelines from time to time.
Dematerialization of units Pursuant to paragraph 14.4.2 of the SEBI Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024; the unit holders of the
scheme shall be provided an option to hold units in demat
form in addition to physical form.
Unit Holders opting to hold the Units in Demat form must
provide their Demat Account details in the specified section
of the Application Form. The Unit Holder intending to hold the
units in Demat form is required to have a beneficiary account
with the Depository Participant (DP) registered with
NSDL/CDSL and will be required to indicate in the
Application Form, the DP’s name, DP ID Number and the
beneficiary account number of the applicant with the DP. In
case of Unit Holders who do not provide their Demat Account
details, an Account Statement shall be sent to them.
The Unit holders would have an option to hold the Units in
dematerialized form. Accordingly, the Units of the Scheme
will be available in dematerialized (electronic) form. The
Applicant intending to hold Units in dematerialized form will
be required to have a beneficiary account with a Depository
Participant (DP) of the NSDL/CDSL and will be required to
mention in the application form DP's Name, DP ID No. and
Beneficiary Account No. with the DP at the time of purchasing
Units during the NFO.
Further, investors also have an option to convert their
physical holdings into the dematerialised mode at a later
date. Each Option held in the dematerialised form shall be
identified on the basis of an International Securities
27

--- PAGE 28 ---
Identification Number (ISIN) allotted by National Securities
Depositories Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository
Services Limited (CDSL). The ISIN No. details of the
respective option can be obtained from your Depository
Participant (DP) or you can access the website link
www.nsdl.co.in or www.cdslindia.com . The holding of units
in the dematerialised mode would be subject to the
guidelines/ procedural requirements as laid by the
Depositories viz. NSDL/CDSL from time to time.
Investors please note that units issued under the Scheme
can only be transferred, assigned or pledged after three
years of its issue (i.e. lock in).
Minimum Target amount Not Applicable
(This is the minimum amount
required to operate the scheme
and if this is not collected during
the NFO period, then all the
investors would be refunded the
amount invested
without any return.)
Maximum Amount to be raised (if No upper limit.
any)
Dividend Polic y ( ID CW ) • The Trustee reserves the right to declare IDCW under the
IDCW option of the Scheme depending on the net
distributable surplus available under the Scheme.
The procedure and manner of payment of IDCW shall be in
line with Chapter 11 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual
Funds dated June 27, 2024, as amended from time to time.
• Under the Growth Plan, no IDCW will be distributed. The
returns to investors will be through capital gains at the time
they choose to repurchase any or all of their holdings.
Investors may refer to section “Redemption and
Repurchase” for further information.
• Under the IDCW Plan, the returns will be distributed
through declaration of IDCW on a monthly & quarterly
basis at the recommendation of the AMC. The rate of
IDCW will be decided by the Fund Manager with the
approval of the Board of Trustees. Although the Scheme
will strive to declare a regular IDCW, the declaration of
IDCW and the percentage to be distributed will depend
upon the NAV at that time, and no returns are assured.
• Investors are requested to note that amounts can be
distributed out of investors capital (Equalization Reserve),
which is part of sale price of the unit that represents
realized gains.
Allotment (Detailed procedure) The scheme is offered on an ongoing basis. Allotment will be
made to all applicants provided the applications are complete
in all respects and are in order and funds are realised. The
28

--- PAGE 29 ---
allotment confirmation will be sent to the investors / unit
holders registered email address and / or mobile number. The
allotment details shall get reflected in the Consolidated
Account Statement (CAS) sent by email / mail on or before
15th of the succeeding month. Application for issue of Units
will not be binding on the fund and may be rejected on account
of failure to fulfill the requirements as specified in the
application form.
Dispatch of Unit statements of account will be made as soon
as possible and in accordance with the SEBI Mutual Fund
Regulations.
Refund If application is rejected, full amount will be refunded within 5
working days of closure of NFO. If refunded later than 5
working days @ 15% p.a. for delay period will be paid and
charged to the AMC.
Who can invest Prospective investors are advised to satisfy themselves that
This is an indicative list and they are not prohibited by any law governing them and any
investors shall consult their financial Indian law from investing in the Scheme and that they are
advisor to ascertain whether the authorised to purchase units of mutual funds as per their
scheme is suitable to their risk respective constitutions, charter documents, corporate/other
profile. authorizations and relevant statutory provisions. The following
is an indicative list of persons who are generally eligible and
may apply for subscription to the Units of the Scheme
(investors are requested to check applicable provisions of the
Income Tax Act and eligibility to avail tax benefits) :
• Indian resident adult individuals, either singly or jointly (not
exceeding three);
• Minor through parent / lawful guardian; (please see the
note below)
• Companies, bodies corporate, public sector undertakings,
association of persons or bodies of individuals and
societies registered under the Societies Registration Act,
1860;
• Religious and Charitable Trusts, Wakfs or endowments of
private trusts (subject to receipt of necessary approvals as
required) and Private Trusts authorised to invest in mutual
fund schemes under their trust deeds;
• Partnership Firms constituted under the Partnership Act,
1932;
• A Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) through its Karta;
• Banks (including Co-operative Banks and Regional Rural
Banks) and Financial Institutions;
• Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) / Persons of Indian Origin
(PIO) on full repatriation basis or on non-repatriation basis
Prospective investors are advised to note that the SID / SAI/
KIM does not constitute distribution, an offer to buy or sell or
solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Units of the Fund in any
jurisdiction in which such distribution, sale or offer is not
authorized as per applicable law. Any investor by making
investment in SBI Mutual Fund confirms that he is an eligible
investor to make such investment(s) and confirms that such
investment(s) has been made in accordance with applicable
law;
29

--- PAGE 30 ---
• Foreign Portfolio Investor (FPIs)
• Army, Air Force, Navy and other para-military funds and
eligible institutions;
• Scientific and Industrial Research Organisations;
• Provident / Pension / Gratuity and such other Funds as and
when permitted to invest;
• International Multilateral Agencies approved by the
Government of India / RBI; and
• The Trustee, AMC or Sponsor or their associates (if eligible
and permitted under prevailing laws).
• A Mutual Fund through its schemes, including Fund of
Funds schemes.
Note: Following is the process for investments made in the
name of a Minor through a Guardian:
- Payment for investment by means of Cheque, Demand
Draft or any other mode shall be accepted from the bank
account of the minor or parent or legal guardian of the
minor, or from a joint account of the minor with parent or
legal guardian.
- Mutual Fund will send an intimation to Unit holders
advising the minor (on attaining majority) to submit an
application form along with prescribed documents to
change the status of the account from ‘minor’ to ‘major’.
- All transactions / standing instructions / systematic
transactions etc. will be suspended i.e. the Folio will be
frozen for operation by the guardian from the date of
beneficiary child completing 18 years of age, till the status
of the minor is changed to major. Upon the minor attaining
the status of major, the minor in whose name the
investment was made, shall be required to provide all the
KYC details, updated bank account details including
cancelled original cheque leaf of the new bank account.
- No investments (lumpsum/SIP/ switch in/ STP in etc.) in
the scheme would be allowed once the minor attains
majority i.e. 18 years of age.
Notes :
1. Non Resident Indians and Persons of Indian Origin
residing abroad (NRIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FIIs),
have been granted a general permission by Reserve
Bank of India [Schedule 5 of the Foreign Exchange
Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person
Resident Outside India) Regulations, 2000 for investing
in / redeeming units of the mutual funds subject to
conditions set out in the aforesaid regulations.
2. In case of application under a Power of Attorney or by a
limited company or a corporate body or an eligible
institution or a registered society or a trust fund, the
original Power of Attorney or a certified true copy duly
notarised or the relevant resolution or authority to make
the application as the case may be, or duly notarised copy
30

--- PAGE 33 ---
effect from May 01, 2025, the following process shall be
adhered to:
1. Submission of Transactions via Email: Non-individual
investors seeking to utilize this facility must submit a Board
Resolution or Authority Letter, listing authorized officials
along with their designations and official email IDs. The
letter must explicitly confirm that financial instructions sent
via email are binding on the entity.
2. Emailing the Transaction Form with Wet Signatures:
Scanned copies of transaction request letters, duly signed
in wet ink by authorized signatories, may be submitted via
email. Such requests shall be accepted only if the sender’s
email ID belongs to the entity’s official domain and is
copied (CC) to the authorized officials' registered email
IDs.
3. Financial Transactions Submitted by Registered MFDs or
Third Parties: Signed Financial transaction form or request
letter, bearing wet signatures of authorized signatories,
may be submitted via email by a registered Mutual Fund
Distributor (MFD) of the entity or a third party. The third
party must possess an authorization letter from the non-
individual unit holder, permitting the MFD or representative
to submit scanned copies of signed transaction forms or
requests on their behalf. Additionally, such email
submission must be copied to the non-individual investor’s
registered email ID.
Terms and Conditions for Transacting via Electronic Mail:
1. Investors must be aware of the risks involved in
transacting through email, including those arising from
electronic transmission failures, unauthorized access, or
miscommunication.
2. The Asset Management Company (AMC) and Registrar &
Transfer Agent (RTA) shall not be liable for any financial
transaction that is either not received due to technical or
transmission issues or is incomplete, and hence not
processed.
3. Entities utilizing this facility must ensure adequate security
measures to protect email communications, including
encryption, access controls, and authentication
mechanisms.
4. The entity availing this facility must maintain records of
email-based financial transactions as per applicable laws
and regulations.
33

--- PAGE 34 ---
5. Any addition or deletion of authorized signatories must
follow the prescribed procedure and be notified to the AMC
through official documentation.
6. The non-individual investor must explicitly authorize the
AMC/RTA to accept and process any email transmission
from the registered email ID, including emails sent by a
registered Mutual Fund Distributor (MFD) or a third party
authorized by the investor to submit scanned transaction
requests on their behalf.
7. Changes in bank details or addition of a bank account,
change in registered email ID or contact details of an
entity shall only be permitted through the prescribed
service request form, duly signed by authorized
signatories with wet signatures.
The policy regarding reissue of Not Applicable
repurchased units, including the
maximum extent, the manner of
reissue, the entity (the scheme or
the AMC) involved in the same.
Restrictions, if any, on the right Not Applicable
to freely retain or dispose of units
being offered.
Cut off timing for subscriptions/ 3.00 pm
redemptions/ switches
This is the time before which your
application (complete in all
respects) should reach the
official points of acceptance.
Minimum amount for Minimum Investment:
purchase/redemption/switches Rs. 500/- and in multiples of Rs. 500/-
(mention the provisions for ETFs,
as may be applicable, for direct Investment in the Scheme would be subject to lock-in-period
subscription/redemption with of 3 years from the date of allotment.
AMC)
The Mutual Fund reserves the right to alter the minimum
subscription amount under the scheme.
Note – For investments made by designated employees of
SBI Funds Management Limited in terms of paragraph 6.10
of the SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024, requirement for minimum application/ redemption
amount will not be applicable
Additional Purchase amount:
Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500 (Investment in the Scheme
would be subject to lock-in-period of 3 years from the date of
allotment)
Minimum Redemption:
34

--- PAGE 35 ---
The minimum amount of repurchase is in multiples of Rs. 500
(subject to lock-in-period of 3 years form the date of
allotment).
Note – For investments made by designated employees of
SBI Funds Management Limited in terms of paragraph 6.10
of the SEBI Master circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024, requirement for minimum application/ redemption
amount will not be applicable.
Accounts Statements Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI Regulation, the
following shall be applicable with respect to account
statement:
The asset management company shall ensure that
consolidated account statement for each calendar month is
issued, on or before fifteenth day of succeeding month,
detailing all the transactions and holding at the end of the
month including transaction charges paid to the distributor,
across all schemes of all mutual funds, to all the investors in
whose folios transaction has taken place during that month:
Provided that the asset management company shall ensure
that a consolidated account statement every half yearly
(September/ March) is issued, on or before twenty first day of
succeeding month, detailing holding at the end of the six
month and commission paid to the distributor, across all
schemes of all mutual funds, to all such investors in whose
folios no transaction has taken place during that period.
• Provided further that the asset management company shall
identify common investor across fund houses by their
permanent account number for the purposes of sending
consolidated account statement.
• Account Statements for investors holding demat
accounts: Subsequent account statement may be obtained
from the depository participants with whom the investor
holds the DP account.
• The asset management company shall issue units in
dematerialized form to a unitholder of the Scheme within two
working days of the receipt of request from the unitholder.
In terms of SEBI Circular No. IR/MRD/DP/31/2014 dated
November 12, 2014 on Consolidated Account Statement,
investors having Demat account has an option to receive
consolidated account statement:
• Investors having MF investments and holding securities in
Demat account shall receive a single Consolidated Account
Statement (CAS) from the Depository.
35

--- PAGE 36 ---
• Consolidation of account statement shall be done on the
basis of Permanent Account Number (PAN). In case of
multiple holding, it shall be PAN of the first holder and
pattern of holding. The CAS shall be generated on a monthly
basis.
• If there is any transaction in any of the Demat accounts of
the investor or in any of his mutual fund folios, depositories
shall send the CAS within twelve (12) days from the month
end and to investors that have opted for delivery via physical
mode, within fifteen (15) days from the month end w.e.f May
14, 2025 pursuant to SEBI Circular No.
SEBI/HO/MRD/PoD1/CIR/P/2025/16 dated February 14,
2025. In case, there is no transaction in any of the mutual
fund folios and demat accounts then CAS with holding
details shall be sent to the investor on half yearly basis. The
depositories shall dispatch the CAS to investors that have
opted for e-CAS on or before the eighteenth (18th) day of
April and October and to investors that have opted for
delivery via physical mode by the twenty first (21st) day of
April and October. .
• In case an investor has multiple accounts across two
depositories, the depository with whom the account has
been opened earlier will be the default depository.
If the Unit holder desires to hold the Units in a Dematerialized/
Rematerialized form at a later date, the request for conversion
of units held in Account Statement (non demat) form into
Demat (electronic) form or vice versa should be submitted
alongwith a Demat/Remat Request Form to their Depository
Participants. However, the Trustee / AMC reserves the right
to change the dematerialization / rematerialization process in
accordance with the procedural requirements laid down by
the Depositories, viz. NSDL/ CDSL and/or in accordance with
the provisions laid under the Depositories Act, 1996 and the
Regulations thereunder.
Investors will be issued a Unit Statement of Account in
accordance with the Regulations.in accordance with the
Regulations. All Units will rank pari passu, among Units within
the same Option in the Scheme concerned as to assets,
earnings and the receipt of IDCW distributions, if any, as may
be declared by the Trustee
For further details, refer SAI.
Dividend/ IDCW The payment of dividend/IDCW to the unitholders shall be made
within seven working days from the record date.
36

--- PAGE 37 ---
Redemption The redemption or repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched
to the unitholders within three working days from the date of
redemption or repurchase.
For list of exceptional circumstances refer para 14.1.3 of SEBI
Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024.
Bank Mandate As per the directives issued by SEBI it is mandatory for an
investor to declare his/her bank account number. To
safeguard the interest of Unitholders from loss or theft of their
refund orders/redemption cheques, investors are requested
to provide their bank details in the Application Form. The Bank
Account details as mentioned with the Depository should be
mentioned.
If depository account details furnished in the application form
are invalid or not confirmed in the depository system, the
application may be rejected.
Delay in payment of redemption / The Asset Management Company shall be liable to pay
repurchase proceeds/dividend interest to the unitholders at rate as specified vide clause 14.2
of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024 by SEBI for the period of such delay presently @ 15%
per annum).
Unclaimed Redemption and Income
In line with SEBI master circular No. SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-
Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal 1/P/CIR/2023/74 dated June 27, 2024, unclaimed redemption
Amount and IDCW amounts are being deployed by the mutual funds
in call money market or money market instruments only and
the investors who claim these amounts during a period of three
years from the due date shall be paid at the prevailing Net
Asset Value. After a period of three years, this amount is being
transferred to a pool account and the investors can claim the
amount at NAV prevailing at the end of the third year. The
income earned on such funds may be used for the purpose of
investor education. The AMC would make continuous effort to
remind the investors through letters to take their unclaimed
amounts. The investment management fee charged by the
AMC for managing unclaimed amounts shall not exceed 50
basis points.
Further in accordance with SEBI Circular no.
SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/74 dated May 31,
2023, list of Investors in whose folios there are unclaimed
IDCW / redemption amount is disclosed on the website of SBI
MF (www.sbimf.com).
Disclosure w.r.t investment by
- Payment for investment by means of Cheque, or any other
minors
mode shall be accepted from the bank account of the minor
or parent or legal guardian of the minor, or from a joint
account of the minor with parent or legal guardian..
- Mutual Fund will send an intimation to Unit holders advising
the minor (on attaining majority) to submit an application
form along with prescribed documents to change the status
of the account from ‘minor’ to ‘major’.
37

--- PAGE 38 ---
- All transactions / standing instructions / systematic
transactions etc. will be suspended i.e. the Folio will be
frozen for operation by the guardian from the date of
beneficiary child completing 18 years of age, till the status of
the minor is changed to major. Upon the minor attaining the
status of major, the minor in whose name the investment
was made, shall be required to provide all the KYC details,
updated bank account details including cancelled original
cheque leaf of the new bank account.
- No investments (lumpsum/SIP/ switch in/ STP in etc.) in the
scheme would be allowed once the minor attains majority
i.e. 18 years of age
Plans / Options offered The Scheme would have two plans viz. Regular plan & Direct
plan.
Direct Plan:
Direct Plan is only for investors who purchase /subscribe Units
in a Scheme directly with the Mutual Fund or through
Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) and is not available for
investors who route their investments through a Distributor. All
the features of the Direct Plan under Scheme like the
investment objective, asset allocation pattern, investment
strategy, risk factors, facilities offered, load structure etc. will
be the same except for a lower expense ratio as detailed in
Annual Recurring Expenses. Brokerage/Commission paid to
distributors will not be paid / charged under the Direct Plan.
Both the plans shall have a common portfolio.
Eligible investors: All categories of investors as permitted
under the Scheme Information Document of the Scheme are
eligible to subscribe under Direct Plan.
Modes for applying: Investments under Direct Plan can be
made through various modes offered by the Mutual Fund for
investing directly with the Mutual Fund.
How to apply:
• Investors desirous of subscribing under Direct Plan of a
Scheme will have to ensure to indicate “Direct Plan” against
the Scheme name in the application form.
• Investors should also indicate “Direct” in the ARN column of
the application form.
Regular Plan:
This Plan is for investors who wish to route their investment
through any distributor.
In case of Regular and Direct plan the default plan under
following scenarios will be:
38

--- PAGE 39 ---
Sce Broker Code Plan Default
nari mentioned by mention Plan to be
o the investor ed by captured
the
investor
1 Not mentioned Not Direct
mentio Plan
ned
2 Not mentioned Direct Direct
Plan
3 Not mentioned Regular Direct
Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Direct
Plan
5 Direct Not Mentioned Direct
Plan
6 Direct Regular Direct
Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Regular
Plan
8 Mentioned Not Mentioned Regular
Plan
In cases of wrong/ invalid/ incomplete ARN codes mentioned
on the application form, the application shall be processed
under Direct Plan.
Both the Plans have Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal (IDCW) Option & Growth Option. IDCW option
has IDCW payout & IDCW Transfer facilities.
Between “Growth” or “Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal (IDCW)” option, the default will be treated as
“Growth”. In “IDCW” option between “IDCW Payout” or “IDCW
Transfer”, the default will be treated as “IDCW Payout”.
Special Products (i) Systematic Investment Plan
For investors, the fund offers a Systematic Investment Plan
(SIP) at all our Official point of acceptance of SBI MF’s
locations. Under this Facility, an investor can invest a fixed
amount per frequency. This facility will help the investor to
average out their cost of investment over a period of six
months or one year and thus overcome the short-term
fluctuations in the market.
The Scheme offers Daily, weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-
Annual and Annual Systematic Investment Plan.
Minimum investment amount is Rs. 500 & in multiples of Rs.
500 (subject to lock in period of 3 years from the date of
allotment).
a) Terms and conditions for Daily SIP are as follows:
1. Minimum Investment Amount: INR 500 and multiples of INR
39

--- PAGE 40 ---
500 thereafter. Minimum number of instalments would be 12.
2. SIP Top up facility would not be available under this facility
3. Investors enrolling for Daily SIP should select “As & when
presented” as payment frequency in the OTM
b) Terms & conditions for Monthly and Quarterly
Systematic investment plan are as follows:
Minimum amount for SIP – Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs.
500 thereafter (subject to lock in period of 3 years from the
date of allotment).
Minimum number of installments will be 6.
b) Weekly Systematic Investment Plan
The terms & conditions for the weekly SIP are as follows:
1) Minimum amount for weekly SIP – Rs. 500 and in multiples
of Rs.500 thereafter (subject to lock in period of 3 years
from the date of allotment).
2) Minimum number of installments will be 6.
3) Date based feature - Weekly SIP will be done on 1st, 8th,
15th & 22nd of the month
4) In case the date of SIP falls on a Non-Business Day, then
the immediate following Business Day will be considered
for the purpose of transfer.
5) In Day based feature, investors may select any Day of the
Week viz. Monday/ Tuesday/ Wednesday/ Thursday/
Friday on which Weekly SIP/STP/SWP instalment shall be
processed and in case any of these days is a non-
business day then the immediate next business day will be
considered for processing.
6) In case investor selects Weekly frequency and also
selects both Day based and Date -based Weekly SIP,
default will be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SIP.
7) In case investor selects Weekly frequency and does not
select Day based or Date -based Weekly SIP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SIP.
8) If investor selects Day based Weekly SIP but does not
mention ‘Day’ on which the Weekly SIP instalment to be
processed, then ‘Wednesday’ will be considered as the
default Day.
9) In case start date is mentioned but end date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered for perpetual
period.
c) Semi-annual and Annual Systematic Investment Plan
40

--- PAGE 41 ---
• Minimum Investment Amount: INR 500 and multiples of
INR 500 thereafter. Minimum number of installments will
be 6
Default option between Daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly,
semi-annual and annual SIP will be Monthly.
All other terms and conditions as applicable to Weekly,
Monthly and Quarterly SIP are also be applicable to semi-
annual SIP and Annual SIP.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or
discontinue this facility at any time in future on prospective
basis.
d) Any Day SIP’ Facility
Under ‘Any Day SIP facility’, investor can register SIP for any
day for the frequencies i.e. Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual
and Annual through electronic mode like OTM / Debit
Mandate. Accordingly, under ‘Any Day SIP facility’, investors
can select any date from 1st to 30th of a month as SIP date
(for February, the last business day would be considered if
SIP date selected is 29th & 30th of a month). Default SIP date
will be 10th. In case the SIP due date is a Non Business Day,
then the immediate following Business Day will be considered
for SIP processing.
The AMC provides SIP debit facility through NACH n
participating banks and select direct debit banks
Completed application form, SIP debit mandate form and the
first cheque should be submitted at least 20 days before the
transaction date. Investors should mandatorily give a cheque
for the first transaction drawn on the same bank account.
The application form, mandate form along with the cancelled
cheque / photocopy of the cheque should be sent to Official
point of acceptance of SBI MF.
Existing investors are required to submit only the SIP Debit
mandate form indicating the existing folio number and the
investment details as in the SIP debit form along with the first
cheque and the Cancelled cheque / Photocopy of the cheque.
Post Dated Cheques
Investors can subscribe to SIP facility by submitting
completed application forms along with post dated cheques.
Entry into SIP can be on any date. However investor has to
select SIP cycle of 1st/5th / 10th/15th /20th/ 25th/30th (For
February last business day) in case of Monthly, Quarterly.
Semi-Annual & Annual SIP. However, In case of Weekly SIP,
41

--- PAGE 42 ---
investor has to select 1st, 8th, 15th & 22nd. A minimum 15 days
gap needs to be maintained between SIP entry date and SIP
cycle date. Subsequent post dated cheques must be dated
1st/5th / 10th/15th /20th/ 25th/30th (For February last business
day) of every month in case of Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-
Annual & Annual SIP and 1st, 8th, 15th & 22nd of the month in
case of Weekly SIP drawn in favour of the scheme as
specified in the application form and crossed “Account Payee
Only”. The application may be submitted at any of the Official
point of acceptance of SBI MF. The investor may terminate
the facility after giving at least three weeks' written notice to
the Registrar.
• Fixed-end Period SIP
Investors can opt for a SIP for a period of 3 years, 5 years, 10
years, and 15 years in addition to the existing end date &
perpetual SIP options.
Terms and conditions of Fixed-end period for SIP are as
follows:
1) If the investor does not specify the end date of SIP, the
default period for the SIP will be considered as perpetual.
2) If the investor does not specify the date of SIP, the default
date will be considered as 10th of every month.
3) If the investor does not specify the frequency of SIP, the
default frequency will be considered as Monthly.
4) If the investor does not specify the plan option, the default
option would be considered as Growth option.
If investor specifies the end date and also the fixed end
period, the end date would be considered.
Top-up SIP Facility:
Top-up SIP is a facility whereby an investor has an option
to increase the SIP instalment by a fixed amount or based
on a fixed percentage at pre-defined intervals. This will
enhance the flexibility of the investor to invest higher
amounts during the tenure of the SIP.
Terms and conditions of Top-up SIP facility are as follows:
1. Investors can either opt for fixed amount SIP Top-up or
percentage SIP Top-Up option. In case investors selects
both the options, percentage based SIP Top-Up option
would be made applicable. In case the investor selects
multiple percentage SIP Top-up options under percentage
based SIP Top-Up option, the lower percentage would be
considered.
2. The minimum SIP Top-up amount under fixed amount SIP
Top-up is Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500. The
minimum Top-up percentage would be 5% of the SIP
amount and in multiples of 5% thereof.
42

--- PAGE 43 ---
3. If the Top-up % is not in multiples of 5, it will be rounded
down to nearest multiple of 5. The Top-up amount would
be rounded off to the nearest Rs. 10.
4. Percentage SIP Top-up would be computed on the
immediately preceding SIP instalment value as on the SIP
Top-Up trigger date.
5. The Top-up details cannot be modified once enrolled. In
order to make any changes, the investor must cancel the
existing SIP and enroll for a fresh SIP with Top-up option.
6. In case of Monthly SIP, Half-yearly as well as Yearly
frequency are available for Top-up. If the investor does not
specify the frequency, the default frequency for Top-up will
be considered as Half-yearly.
7. In case of Quarterly SIP, only the Yearly frequency is
available for Top-up.
8. Top up facility will not be applicable for SIP frequencies
other than Monthly & Quarterly. SIP Top-up facility will be
allowed in all schemes in which SIP facility is being
offered.
9. All other terms & conditions applicable for regular SIP will
also be applicable to Top-up SIP.
10. The AMC/Trustee reserves the right to terminate or modify
the conditions of the Facility at its discretion.
Top-up SIP Cap Facility:
Under this option, post selecting SIP Top-up option, the
investor can define the maximum SIP Top-up Cap, beyond
which the SIP instalment will not increase in future. The
investor shall have the flexibility to choose either Top-Up
SIP Cap amount or Top-Up SIP Cap Month-Year. In case
of multiple selection, Top-Up SIP Cap amount will be
considered as default selection.
Terms and conditions of Top-up SIP Cap facility are as
follows:
1. Top-up SIP Cap Amount: Investor has an option to fix the
Top-up SIP amount i.e. maximum SIP instalment including
Top-Up amount. The pre-defined amount should be equal
to or lesser than the maximum amount mentioned by the
investor in One Time Mandate Form (OTM). The
instalment amount after Top-up shall not exceed the
amount mentioned in OTM at any given time.
2. In case of difference between the Top-Up SIP Cap Amount
& OTM Debit Mandate, then amount which is lower of the
two shall be considered as the Top-up SIP Cap amount.
3. If SIP amount (including SIP Top-up amount) reaches the
Top-up Cap before the end of SIP tenure, the SIP Top up
will cease and SIP instalment amount will remain constant
for remaining SIP Tenure.
43

--- PAGE 44 ---
4. Top-up SIP Cap Month-Year: It is the month from which
SIP Top-up amount will cease and last SIP instalment
including Top-Up amount will remain constant till the end
of SIP tenure.
5. If none of the above options is selected by the investor, the
SIP Top-up will continue as per the SIP end date subject
to the maximum amount mentioned in OTM Form.
6. The AMC/Trustee reserves the right to terminate or modify
the conditions of the Facility at its discretion.
(ii) Systematic Withdrawal Plan
Under SWP, a minimum amount of Rs. 500/- (subject to lock
in period of 3 years from the date of allotment) can be
withdrawn every month or quarter or weekly or half yearly or
on an annual basis by indicating in the application form or
by issuing advance instructions to the Registrar at any time.
Investors may indicate the month and year from which SWP
should commence along with the frequency. SWP can be
processed on any day of the month in case of all the other
frequencies other than weekly SWP 1st / 8th / 15th / 22nd of
every month in case of Weekly SWP (date based feature)
and payment would be credited to the registered bank
mandate account of the investor through Direct Credit or
cheques would be issued. In case any of these days is a
non-business day then the immediately next business day
will be considered.
If no date is mentioned, 10th will be considered as the
default date.
In Day based feature, investors may select any Day of the
Week viz. Monday/ Tuesday/ Wednesday/ Thursday/ Friday
on which Weekly SWP instalment shall be processed and in
case any of these days is a non-business day then the
immediate next business day will be considered for
processing.
In case investor selects Weekly frequency and also selects
both Day based and Date -based Weekly SWP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SWP’.
In case investor selects Weekly frequency and does not
select Day based or Date -based Weekly SWP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SWP’.
If investor selects Day based Weekly SWP but does not
mention ‘Day’ on which the Weekly SWP instalment to be
processed, then ‘Wednesday’ will be considered as the
default Day.
If no frequency mentioned, ‘Monthly’ will be considered as
the default frequency. If ‘End date’ not mentioned, the same
44

--- PAGE 45 ---
will be considered as ‘Perpetual’.
SWP entails redemption of certain number of Unit that
represents the amount withdrawn. Thus it will be treated as
capital gains for tax purposes.
The complete application form for enrolment / termination
for SWP should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to the
desired commencement/ termination date.
Any Day SWP’ Facility:
Investors are requested to note that it is decided to introduce
‘Any Day SWP facility’ in all the eligible open-ended
schemes of SBI Mutual Fund. Under ‘Any Day SWP facility’,
investor can register SWP for any day for the frequencies
i.e. Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual and Annual.
Accordingly, under ‘Any Day SWP facility’, investors can
select any date from 1st to 30th of a month as SWP date
(for February, the last business day would be considered if
SWP date selected is 29th & 30th of a month). In case the
SWP due date is a Non Business Day, then the immediate
following Business Day will be considered for SWP
processing. For weekly frequency, SWP will continue to
remain available only on 1st / 8th / 15th / 22nd of every
month.
(iii) Systematic Transfer Plan
Systematic Transfer Plan is a combination of systematic
withdrawal from one scheme and systematic investment into
another scheme. Therefore the minimum amount of
withdrawals applicable under SWP would be applicable to
STP also. Similarly, the minimum investments applicable for
each scheme under SIP would be applicable to STP. The
complete application form for enrolment / termination for
STP should be submitted, at least 7 days prior to the desired
commencement/ termination date. STP facility would allow
investors to transfer a predetermined amount or units from
one scheme of the Mutual Fund to the other. The transfer
would be effected on any business day as decided by the
investor at the time of opting for this facility. STP would be
permitted for a minimum period of six months between two
schemes. The transfer would be affected on the same date
of every month (or on the subsequent business day, if the
date of first transfer is a holiday) on which the first transfer
was affected. STP can be terminated by giving advance
notice to the Registrars. STP is available in all open-ended
schemes as source and target schemes (except Weekly
IDCW Options of all schemes as both source and target
schemes) for STPs of all available frequencies
Terms and conditions of monthly & quarterly STP:
STP would be permitted for a minimum period of six months
between two schemes. The transfer would be affected on the
45

--- PAGE 46 ---
same date of every month (or on the subsequent business
day, if the date of transfer is a holiday) on which the first
transfer was affected. STP can be terminated by giving
advance notice of minimum 7 days to the Registrars. In
respect of STP transactions, an investor would now be
permitted to transfer any amount from the switchout scheme,
subject to:
Monthly – Minimum Rs. 500 & in multiples of Rs. 500/-
thereafter for minimum 6 months or Minimum Rs. 500 & in
multiples of Rs. 500/- thereafter for minimum 12 months
Quarterly - Minimum Rs. 500 & in multiples of Rs. 500/-
thereafter for minimum 1 year
Where, SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund is the target scheme,
Minimum number of installments for monthly STP & quarterly
STP shall be 6.
STP can be done without any restriction on maintaining the
minimum balance requirement as stipulated for the switch out
scheme.
Terms and conditions of daily & weekly STP:
1. Under this facility, investor can transfer a predetermined
amount from one scheme (Source Scheme) to the other
scheme (Target Scheme) on daily basis / weekly basis.
2. Minimum amount of STP for SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund will
be Rs. 500 & in multiples of Rs. 500 for both daily & weekly
STP and for other funds the minimum amount of STP will be
Rs. 500 & in multiple of Re. 1 for daily STP & Rs. 1000 & in
multiple of Re. 1 for weekly STP.
3. Minimum number of installments will be 12 for daily STP &
6 for weekly STP. Where SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund is the
target scheme, Minimum number of installments for daily
STP & for weekly STP shall be 6.
4. Weekly STP will be done on 1st, 8th, 15th & 22nd of every
month (date based STP). In case any of these days is a non
business day then the immediate next business day will be
considered.
5. The complete application form for enrolment / termination
for STP should be submitted, at least 7 days prior to the
desired commencement/ termination date.
6. Exit load shall be as is applicable in the target/source
schemes.
7. In Day based feature, investors may select any Day of the
Week viz. Monday/ Tuesday/ Wednesday/ Thursday/ Friday
on which Weekly STP instalment shall be processed and in
case any of these days is a non-business day then the
immediate next business day will be considered for
processing.
8. In case investor selects Weekly frequency and also selects
both Day based and Date -based Weekly STP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly STP.
9. In case investor selects Weekly frequency and does not
select Day based or Date -based Weekly STP, default will
be considered as ‘Day based Weekly SIP/STP/SWP’.
46

--- PAGE 47 ---
10. If investor selects Day based Weekly STP but does not
mention ‘Day’ on which the Weekly STP instalment to be
processed, then ‘Wednesday’ will be considered as the
default Day.
Default frequency for STP is Monthly & default date for the
start of STP is 10th.
i. Flex Systematic Transfer Plan in all the open-ended
schemes of SBI Mutual Fund offering Systematic
Transfer Plan (STP) facility:
Flex Systematic Transfer Plan is a facility wherein an investor
under a designated open-ended Scheme can opt to transfer
variable amounts linked to the value of his investments on the
date of transfer at pre-determined intervals from designated
open-ended scheme (source scheme) to the Growth option of
another open-ended scheme (target scheme).
Terms and conditions of Flex STP are as follows:
1. The amount to be transferred under Flex STP from source
scheme to target scheme shall be calculated using the
below formula:
Flex STP amount = [(fixed amount to be transferred per
installment x number of installments already executed,
including the current installment) - market value of the
investments through Flex STP in the Transferee Scheme
on the date of transfer]
2. The first Flex STP installment will be processed for the
fixed installment amount specified by the investor at the
time of enrolment. From the second Flex STP installment
onwards, the transfer amount shall be computed as per
formula stated above.
3. Flex STP would be available for Weekly, Monthly and
Quarterly frequencies.
4. Weekly Flex STP can be done on 1st / 8th / 15th / 22nd of
every month.
5. Flex STP is available from “Daily / Weekly” IDCW plans of
the source schemes.
6. Flex STP is available only in “Growth” option of the target
scheme.
7. If there is any other financial transaction (purchase,
redemption or switch) processed in the target scheme
during the tenure of Flex STP, the Flex STP will be
processed as normal STP for the rest of the installments
for a fixed amount.
8. A single Flex STP Enrolment Form can be filled for transfer
into one Scheme/Plan/Option only.
9. In case the date of transfer falls on a Non-Business Day,
then the immediate following Business Day will be
considered for the purpose of determining the applicability
of NAV.
47

--- PAGE 48 ---
10. In case the amount (as per the formula) to be transferred
is not available in the source scheme in the investor’s folio,
the residual amount will be transferred to the target
scheme and Flex STP will be closed.
11. The complete application form for enrolment / termination
for Flex STP should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to
the desired commencement/ termination date.
12. All other terms & conditions of Systematic Transfer Plan
are also applicable to Flex STP.
Capital Appreciation Systematic Transfer Plan (CASTP):
Under this facility investors can transfer capital
appreciation from their invested scheme (source scheme)
to another open-ended scheme (target scheme). The
salient features and terms & conditions of CASTP are
given below:
1. Source scheme: This facility is available under Growth
option of all open ended schemes [except Equity Linked
Savings Scheme & Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)] of
SBI Mutual Fund.
2. Target scheme: All open ended schemes except ETFs and
daily IDCW options.
3. Frequency: CASTP offers transfer facility at weekly (1st,
8th, 15th & 22nd), monthly & quarterly intervals.
4. Amount to be transferred: Capital appreciation, if any, will
be transferred to the target Scheme, subject to minimum
of Rs. 100 on any business day.
5. Minimum number of installments:
− Weekly & monthly frequency – six installments
− Quarterly frequency - four installments.
6. Capital appreciation, if any, will be calculated from the
enrolment date of the CASTP under the folio, till the first
transfer date. Subsequent capital appreciation, if any, will
be the capital appreciation between the previous CASTP
date (where CASTP has been processed and transferred)
and the current CASTP date.
7. The application for enrolment / termination for CASTP
should be submitted, at least 10 days prior to the desired
commencement/ termination date.
8. In case Start Date is mentioned but End Date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered for perpetual
period.
9. In case End Date is mentioned but Start Date is not
mentioned, the application will be registered after the
expiry of 10 days from the submission of the application
for the date of the transfer mentioned in the application,
provided the minimum number of installments is met.
10. Minimum investment requirement in the target scheme
and minimum redemption amount in the source scheme is
not be applicable for CASTP.
11. Default options:
a. Between Regular STP, Flex STP and CASTP – Regular
STP
48

--- PAGE 49 ---
b. Between weekly, monthly & quarterly frequency – Monthly
frequency
c. Default date for monthly and quarterly frequency – 10th
12. Investor can register only one CASTP for transfer from a
source scheme.
13. In case the date of transfer falls on a Non-Business Day,
then the immediate following Business Day will be
considered for the purpose of transfer.
14. Exit load shall be as applicable in the target/source
schemes.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or
discontinue this facility at any time in future on prospective
basis.
Switchover facility
Unit holders under the scheme will have the facility of
switchover between the two Options in the scheme at NAV.
Switchover between this scheme and other scheme of the
Mutual Fund would be at NAV related prices. Switchovers
would be at par with redemption from the outgoing
option/Plan/scheme and would attract the applicable tax
provisions and load at the time of switchover.
SIP Pause facility Under SIP pause facility, the investor shall have option to
discontinue their SIP temporarily for specific number of
instalments. The terms and conditions of SIP Pause facility
shall be as follows:
1. Investors can pause their SIP at any time by filling SIP
pause form and submitting the same at any branch of
SBIMF/CAMS. Pause request should be received 15
days prior to the subsequent SIP date.
2. SIP Pause facility is available for SIP registration with
Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual, and Annual
frequency.
3. SIP shall restart immediately after the completion of
Pause period.
4. SIP Pause facility will allow investor to ‘Pause’ their
existing SIP during the tenure of SIP across all
frequencies for a period upto one year. The actual
number of instalments that will get paused will be as per
the SIP frequency.
5. Investors can avail this facility multiple times in the tenure
of the existing SIP.
6. SIP Pause facility will not be available for the SIPs
sourced/registered through MFU, Exchange & Channel
platforms as the mandate is registered by them.
7. If the SIP Pause period is coinciding with the Top-Up
facility, the SIP instalment amount post completion of
pause period would be inclusive of SIP Top-up amount.
For e.g. SIP instalment amount prior to Pause period is
Rs. 2,000/- and Top-up amount is Rs. 1,000/-. If the
pause period is completed after date of Top-up, then the
SIP instalment amount post completion of pause period
shall be Rs.3,000/-.
8. In case of multiple SIPs registered in a scheme, SIP
49

--- PAGE 50 ---
Pause facility will be made applicable only for those SIP
instalments whose SIP date, frequency, amount and
Scheme/Plan is specified in the form. Further for different
or multiple SIP mandate in the same scheme, separate
SIP Pause Forms are required to be submitted for each
SIP mandate.
9. The AMC reserves the right to terminate this facility or
modify the conditions of the SIP Pause facility at its
discretion.
10. In case of discrepancies in the information provided in
the SIP Pause Form and the details registered with the
AMC, the details registered with the AMC shall be
considered for processing or in case of ambiguity in the
SIP Pause Form, the AMC reserves the right to reject the
SIP Pause Form.
11. Investor cannot cancel the SIP Pause once registered.
Trigger facilities in all the open- Trigger is an event on happening of which the funds from
ended schemes of SBI Mutual one scheme will be automatically redeemed and/or
Fund switched to another scheme as specified by the investor.
A trigger will activate a transaction/alert when the event
selected for, has reached a value equal to or greater than
(as the exact trigger value may or may not be achieved)
the specified particular value (trigger point).
Types of Triggers:
1. NAV Appreciation / Depreciation Trigger: Under this
facility, Investor can indicate NAV appreciation or
depreciation in percentage terms for exit trigger. The
minimum % NAV appreciation or depreciation is 5%
and in multiples of 1% thereafter. On activation of the
trigger the applicable NAV for the transaction will be of
the day on which the trigger has been activated.
2. Index Level Appreciation / Depreciation Trigger:
Under this facility, investor would indicate the Sensex
level as the trigger to redeem/ switch from one scheme
to another. The Sensex level to be indicated in
multiples of 100 only. In case indicated otherwise, it will
be rounded off to nearest 100 points. The investor may
choose the Sensex level above or below the current
level.
3. Capital Appreciation / Depreciation: Under this
facility, investors will be given the option to indicate the
capital appreciation / depreciation in monetary terms to
activate the trigger. Minimum Capital Appreciation /
Depreciation should be Rs. 10,000 & in multiples of Rs.
1000 thereafter.
Terms and conditions of Trigger facility are as follows:
50

--- PAGE 51 ---
1. Trigger facility is available only in “Growth” option of the
source scheme.
2. Trigger facility is not available in “Daily / Weekly” options
of the target scheme.
3. Investor has the option to select the entire amount /
appreciation to be processed on the activation of trigger.
4. The Trigger option mandate will be registered on T+10
basis.
5. Minimum investment amount under the “Trigger Facility”
is Rs. 25,000/- and in multiples of Rs. 1 thereafter.
6. Combination of trigger facilities is not permitted. The
investor may choose only one of the available triggers.
7. The specified trigger will fail, if the investor(s) do not
maintain sufficient balance in source scheme(s) on the
trigger date. Trigger will also not get executed in case
units are under pledge / lien.
8. Trigger facility shall be applicable subject to exit load, if
any, in the transferor schemes.
9. Investor cannot modify a Trigger registration once
submitted. Investor must cancel the existing Trigger
option and enroll for a fresh Trigger option.
10. In case Trigger is not activated within one year of
application, the Trigger registration will cease to exist. In
such cases, investor(s) would have to register fresh
trigger mandates.
11. If any financial transaction (purchase, redemption or
switch) processed in the source scheme, the trigger will
be cancelled automatically.
Transfer of Income Distribution Transfer of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal plan
cum capital withdrawal plan in all is a facility wherein the IDCW declared under an open-
open ended schemes of SBIMF ended Scheme (Source Scheme) will be allowed for
investment in all open-ended schemes as target schemes
(except Daily/Weekly IDCW Options of all schemes as
both source and target schemes)
Terms and conditions for availing the above facility is
detailed below:
1. Minimum amount of Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal (IDCW) eligible for transfer is Rs. 250. If the
IDCW in the source scheme happens to be less than
Rs.250, then such IDCW will be automatically reinvested
in the source scheme irrespective of the option selected
by the investor.
2. Investment in the target scheme will be done at the NAV
as applicable for switches, with record date being the
transaction day.
3. Investor wishing to select Transfer of Income
Distribution cum capital withdrawal plan will have to opt
for all units under the respective plan/option of the
source scheme.
51

--- PAGE 52 ---
4. Investors opting for Transfer of Income Distribution cum
capital withdrawal plan has to specify each
scheme/plan/option separately & not at the folio level.
5. Minimum investment amount requirement in the target
scheme/s will not be applicable for the Transfer of
Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal plan.
6. Request for enrollment must be submitted at least 15
days before the IDCW record date.
7. Investors can terminate this facility by giving a written
request at least 15 days prior to the IDCW record date
under the source scheme.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or
discontinue this facility at any time in future on prospective
basis.
SBI MULTI SELECT facility With a view to provide convenience and promote
diversification benefits to investor(s), SBI Mutual Fund
(SBIMF) has introduced a new facility i.e. SBI MULTI
SELECT through which an investor can invest in multiple
schemes of SBI Mutual Fund with a single cheque /
demand draft. Minimum subscription amount in a scheme
would be as per the Scheme Information Document of the
respective scheme. However, minimum total investment in
the facility shall be INR 20,000. The facility is also available
through Systematic Investment Plan (SIP). Minimum
investment amount in a Scheme would be as per the
existing details pertaining to monthly SIP as stated in
Scheme Information Document of the respective
scheme(s). Top-up facility will not be available under this
facility. All the terms and conditions pertaining to SIP shall
also be applicable to SIP through SBI MULTI SELECT
facility. Investors are requested to visit www.sbimf.com for
detailed terms & conditions of the facility.
The Trustees / AMC reserve the right to modify or
discontinue this facility at any time in future.
Facilitating transactions through In terms of paragraph 16.2.2 of SEBI Master Circular for
Stock Exchange Mechanism Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, units of the Scheme
can be transacted through all the registered stock brokers
of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and / or
BSE Limited who are also registered with AMFI and are
empanelled as distributors with SBI Mutual Fund.
Accordingly, such stock brokers shall be eligible to be
considered as ‘official points of acceptance’ of SBI Mutual
Fund.
Further in line with paragraph 16.2.12 of SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, it has been
52

--- PAGE 54 ---
III. Other Details
A. In case of Fund of Funds Scheme, Details of Benchmark, Investment Objective,
Investment Strategy, TER, AUM, Year wise performance, Top 10 Holding/ link to Top 10
holding of the underlying fund should be provided - Not Applicable
B. Periodic Disclosures such as Half yearly disclosures, half yearly results, annual report
(i) Half Yearly disclosure of Un-Audited Financials:
Before expiry of one month from the close of each half year i.e. on March 31 or September
30, the Fund shall host a soft copy of half – yearly unaudited financial results on the website
of the Fund i.e. www.sbimf.com and that of AMFI www.amfiindia.com. A notice
advertisement communicating the investors that the financial results shall be hosted on the
website shall be published in one national English daily newspaper and in a newspaper in
the language of the region where the Head Office of the fund is situated.
(ii) Half Yearly disclosure of Scheme’s Portfolio:
In terms of SEBI notification dated May 29, 2018 read with paragraph 5.1 of the SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, on half year basis (i.e. March 31 &
September 30), the portfolio of the Scheme shall be disclosed as under:
1. The Fund shall disclose the scheme’s portfolio (alongwith the ISIN) in the prescribed
format as on the last day of the half year for all the Schemes of SBI Mutual Fund on its
website i.e. www.sbimf.com and on the AMFI’s website i.e. www.amfiindia.com within
10 days from the close of the half-year.
2. A Statement of Scheme portfolio shall be emailed to those unitholders whose email
addresses are registered with the Fund within 10 days from the close of each half year.
3. The AMC shall publish an advertisement every half year, in the all India edition of at
least two daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi; disclosing the hosting of the
half yearly schemes portfolio statement on its website viz. www.sbimf.com and on the
website of AMFI i.e. www.amfiindia.com and the modes through which a written request
can be submitted by the unitholder for obtaining a physical or electronic copy of the
statement of scheme portfolio.
4. The AMC shall provide physical copy of the statement of scheme portfolio, without
charging any cost, on receipt of a specific request from the unitholder.
(iii) Monthly Disclosure of Schemes’ Portfolio Statement
The fund shall disclose the scheme’s portfolio in the prescribed format along with the ISIN
as on the last day of the month for all the Schemes of SBI Mutual Fund on its website
www.sbimf.com and on the AMFI’s website i.e. www.amfiindia.com within 10 days from the
close of the month. Further, the Statement of Scheme portfolio shall be emailed to those
unitholders whose email addresses are registered with the Fund within the above prescribed
timeline. Further, the AMC shall provide physical copy of the statement of scheme portfolio,
without charging any cost, on receipt of a specific request from the unitholder.
(iv) Annual Report
Scheme wise Annual Report or an abridged summary thereof shall be provided to all
unitholders within four months from the date of closure of the relevant accounts year i.e. 31st
March each year as follows:
54

--- PAGE 55 ---
1. The Scheme wise annual report / abridged summary thereof shall be hosted on website
of the Fund i.e., www.sbimf.com and on the website of AMFI i.e. www.amfiindia.com.
The physical copy of the scheme-wise annual report or abridged summary shall be
made available to the unitholders at the registered office of SBI Mutual Fund at all times.
2. The scheme annual report or an abridged summary thereof shall be emailed to those
unitholders whose email addresses are registered with the Fund.
3. The AMC shall publish an advertisement on annual basis, in the all India edition of at
least two daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi; disclosing the hosting of the
scheme wise annual report on its website viz. www.sbimf.com and on the website of
AMFI i.e. www.amfiindia.com and the modes through which a written request can be
submitted by the unitholder for obtaining a physical or electronic copy of the scheme-
wise annual report or abridged summary.
4. The AMC shall provide physical copy of the abridged summary of the Annual report,
without charging any cost, on receipt of a specific request from the unitholder.
(v) Product Labelling
The Risk-o-meter shall have following six levels of risk:
i. Low Risk
ii. Low to Moderate Risk
iii. Moderate Risk
iv. Moderately High Risk
v. High Risk and
vi. Very High Risk
The evaluation of risk levels of a Scheme shall be done in accordance with Paragraph 17.4
of SEBI Master Circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024, as amended from time to
time.
Any change in risk-o-meter shall be communicated by way of Notice cum Addendum and by
way of an e-mail or SMS to unitholders. The risk-o-meter shall be evaluated on a monthly
basis and the risk-o-meter alongwith portfolio disclosure shall be disclosed on the
www.sbimf.com as well as AMFI website within 10 days from the close of each month. The
risk level of the Scheme as on March 31 of every year, along with number of times the risk
level has changed over the year shall be disclosed on www.sbimf.com and AMFI website.
Risk-o-meter details shall also be disclosed in scheme wise Annual Reports and Abridged
summary.
(vi) Benchmark Riskometer
Pursuant to extant SEBI regulations, AMCs shall disclose the following in all disclosures in
which the unit holders are invested as on the date , including promotional material or that
stipulated by SEBI:
a. risk-o-meter of the scheme wherever the performance of the scheme is disclosed
b. risk-o-meter of the scheme and benchmark wherever the performance of the scheme vis-
à-vis that of the benchmark is disclosed.
Further, the portfolio disclosure in terms of para 5.17 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual
Funds dated June 27, 2024 shall also include the scheme risk-o-meter, name of benchmark
and risk-o-meter of benchmark.
55

--- PAGE 56 ---
(vii) Scheme Summary Document
The AMC has provided on its website a standalone scheme document for all the Schemes which
contains all the details viz. Scheme features, Fund Manager details, investment details, investment
objective, expense ratios, portfolio details, etc.
Scheme Summary Documents shall be disclosed on www.sbimf.com, www.amfiindia.com
and stock exchange website in 3 data formats i.e. PDF, Spreadsheet and a machine
readable format (either JSON or XML). on a monthly basis or whenever there is changes in
any of the specified field, whichever is earlier.
C. Transparency/NAV Disclosure (Details with reference to information given in Section
I)
NAV of the Scheme shall be computed and declared on every business day. The NAV under
the Scheme would be rounded off to four decimals as follows or such other formula as may be
prescribed by SEBI from time to time:
Market or Fair Value of Scheme’s investments + Current Assets - Current Liabilities and
Provision
NAV = --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------
No of Units outstanding under Scheme on the Valuation Date
NAV will be disclosed as prescribed under SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. NAV can
also be viewed on www.sbimf.com and www.amfiindia.com.
The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of Association of Mutual Funds in India - AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) by 11.00 p.m. on every business day basis . In case of any delay, the
reasons for such delay would be explained to AMFI and SEBI by the next day. If the NAVs are
not available before commencement of business hours on the following day due to any reason,
the Fund shall issue a press release providing reasons and explaining when the Fund would be
able to publish the NAVs.
D. Transaction charges and stamp duty-
Transaction charges – No transaction charges will be charged. Hence, not applicable
Stamp duty - Pursuant to Notification issued by Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance,
Government of India, a stamp duty of 0.005% would be levied on applicable mutual fund transactions.
Accordingly, pursuant to levy of stamp duty, the number of units allotted on applicable transactions
(Purchase, Switch-in, IDCW Reinvestment & Systematic transactions viz. SIP / STP-in etc.) to the unit
holders would be reduced to that extent.
Please refer SAI for details.
E. Associate Transactions- Please refer to Statement of Additional Information (SAI)
F. Taxation- For details on taxation please refer to the clause on Taxation in the SAI
apart from the following:
56

--- PAGE 57 ---
For details on taxation of Equity Mutual Funds, please refer to the clause on Taxation in the SAI apart from the
following:
Tax Resident Investors Non-Resident Investors Mutual Fund
Tax on Income Taxable at normal tax
Distribution under rates applicable to investor 20% 3 5
IDCW Option 2 3 5
Capital Gains 4
a) Long Term 12.50% 3 on gains 12.50% 3 5 on gains
(period of holding: exceeding Rs.1,25,000 in exceeding Rs.1,25,000 in a
Nil 1
more than 12 a year (without indexation year (without indexation &
months) benefit) foreign exchange
fluctuation benefit)
b) Short Term
(period of holding: up 20% 3 20% 3 5
to 12 months)
1. SBI Mutual Fund is registered with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and is as such eligible
for benefits u/s. 10(23D) of the Income-tax Act, 1961. Accordingly, the entire income of SBI Mutual Fund is
exempt from income-tax. SBI Mutual Fund will receive all its income without deduction of tax at source as
per provisions of Section 196 of the said Act.
2. With effect from April 1, 2020, income distributed by a mutual fund in respect of units of mutual funds is
taxable in the hands of the unitholders at normal tax rates (plus applicable surcharge and cess).
3. Basic Tax shall be increased by surcharge as per applicable rate and Health & Education Cess at the rate
of 4% on aggregate of basic tax & surcharge.
4. Securities Transaction Tax (STT) @ 0.001% is applicable on redemption of units of equity-oriented mutual
funds.
5. The Mutual Fund will pay/deduct taxes as per the applicable tax laws on the relevant date considering the
provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 read with the Income-tax Rules, 1962 and any circulars or
notifications or directives or instructions issued thereunder. Please note that grant of DTAA benefit, if any,
is subject to fulfilment of stipulated conditions under the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 and the
relevant DTAA as well as interpretation of relevant Article of such DTAA.
In case of Resident Investors: TDS is applicable at the rate of 10% on income distributed in excess of Rs.10,000
by a mutual fund.
In case of Non-Resident Investors: TDS is applicable on any income in respect of units of a Mutual Fund at
lower of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) or rate of income-tax provided in the relevant DTAA (read
with CBDT Circular no. 3/2022 dated 3rd February 2022), provided such investor furnishes valid Tax Residency
Certificate (TRC) for concerned FY. Tax will be deducted on Short-term/Long-term capital gains at the tax rates
(plus applicable Surcharge and Health and Education Cess) specified in the Finance Act 2025 at the time of
redemption of units in case of Non-Resident investors (other than FIIs) only.
TDS at higher rates: In case PAN is not furnished or PAN is inoperative, then TDS as per Section 206AA of the
Income-tax Act, 1961 would apply (higher of specified rate or rates in force or 20%), subject to Rule 37BC of
the Income-tax Rules, 1962.
The above income-tax/TDS rates are in accordance with the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 as amended by
Finance Act 2025. The above rates are based on the assumption that the mutual fund units are held by the investors
as capital assets and not as stock in trade.
57

--- PAGE 62 ---
id: cs.gurgaon@sbimf.com. GUWAHATI :SBI Funds Management Ltd, Sethi Trust Building,Unit-III, Above State
Bank of India-GMC Branch, G.S.Road, Bhangagarh, Guwahati-781005, Tel : (0361)2463704. GANDHIDHAM
:SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Adinath Arcade, Office No. 6, Police Station Road,
Gandhidham – 370201, Gujarat. GAYA: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Nandan Niketan, Ground Floor, Nagmatia
Road, Gaya-823001, Bihar, Phone No: 8252934222, 0631-2222405, Email Id:cs.gaya@sbimf.com.
GHATKOPAR : Shop No - 1 & 2, Atlantic Towers, R B Mehta Road, Near Railway Station, Ghatkopar – East,
Mumbai – 400077. Tel No.: 022 – 25012227 / 28. GHAZIABAD: SBI Funds Management Ltd, C – 40, RDC, Raj
Nagar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh - 201002 Phone No: 0120 – 4217338 Email id: cs.ghaziabad@sbimf.com
GIRIDIH: Shanti Heights,1st Floor, Above Hero Showroom, Whitty Bazar, Giridih - 815301. Phone No: 06532-
296009 Email id: cs.giridih@sbimf.com GORAKHPUR: Shop No – 6 & 7, Upper Ground Floor, Cross Mall The
Road, AD Chowk, Bank Road, Gorakhpur – 273001, Uttar Pradesh, Tel: 0551-2203378.GWALIOR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, Ground Floor, Uma Plaza 83 / 84, Kailash Vihar, Near City Centre, Ward No.30, Gwalior-
474001, Tel: 0751-2447272, Madhya Pradesh, Email Id: cs.gwalior@sbimf.com.GUNTUR : SBI Funds
Management Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Brodipet Branch, #4/11, Master Minds Building Brodipet, Guntur -
522002, Andhra Pradesh. Guna : SBI Funds Management Limited, 156/1,Hanuman Colony Infront of IDBI Bank,
AB Road, Guna -473001,Madhya Pradesh, Phone no: 07542-462999 Email id: cs.guna@sbimf.com
HYDERABAD: SBI Funds Management . Ltd., 1st Floor, Shivalik Plaza, 8-2-629/K, Road Number 1, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad 500034, Telangana. Phone no: 8121018378 Email id: cs.banjara@sbimf.com HAMIRPUR:
SBI Funds Management Ltd , c/o State Bank of India, Main Branch, Ist floor, Hamirpur – 177001, Himachal
Pradesh. Phone no:01972-224799 Email id: cs.hamirpur@sbimf.com. HALDIA: SBI Funds Management . Ltd.
Akash Ganga Commercial Complex, 3rd Floor, Manjushree, Village Basudevpur, Post Office – Khanjanchak,
Police Station- Durgachak, Haldia - 721602, Purba Medinipur Phone No: 9073641484 Email Id:
cs.haldia@sbimf.com HALDWANI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Upper Ground Floor, Guru Nanak Tower,
Durga City Center, Nainital Road, Haldwani - 263139 Uttarakhand, Tel:05946-220526/222925 Mobile No:
9412084061 / 9105562000 / 9105573000 Email ID: cs.haldwani@sbiml.com. HAZARIBAGH : SBI Funds
Management Ltd, Prabhu Niwas Market, AnandaChowk , Guru Govind Singh Road, Hazaribagh – 825301,
Jharkhand. HASAN: 1st Floor, Sri Charana Complex, Above SBI Main Branch, Behind Suvarna Residency, BM
Road, Hassan - 573201.Phone No: 8976920387 Email Id: cs.hassan@sbimf.comHISSAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, 42,Red Square Market, Nr. Hotel Regency, Hisar -125001, Haryana,, Tel: 01662 238415.
HUBLI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, c/o: State Bank of India, Market Branch, Laxmi Complex, Near Court Circle,
Hubli-580029, Tel: 0836-2368477. HOSIHARPUR : SBI Funds Management Limited Ground Floor, Opposite
Green View Park Near SBI Main Branch, Hoshiarpur-146001 Email ID: cs.hoshiarpur@sbimf.com Phone No.:
01882-228415 INDORE:SBI Funds Management Ltd, 215-216 City Centre, 2nd floor,570 M.G. Road, Indore –
452001, Tel : 0731 -2541141/4045944/4991080/4991081/4991082/4991083. IMPHAL : SBI Funds Management
Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Imphal Branch, M. G. Avenue, Imphal – 795001, Manipur. ITANAGAR : SBI Funds
Management Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Personal Banking Branch, Ziro Point, Itanagar – 791111, Arunachal
Pradesh. JABALPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, G-2, Ground Floor, Rajleela Tower, Wright Town, Jabalpur
– 482002, Tel No.: 0761–2410042 .JAIPUR :SBI Funds Management Ltd, 1st Floor, SBI Tonk Road Branch,
Near Times of India Building,Tonk Road, Jaipur–302015, Tel : (0141) 2740016/2740061. JALANDHAR: SBI
Funds Management Ltd, SCO – 14, Ground Floor, P.U.D.A Complex Jalandhar – 144001. Email Id:
CS.Jalandhar@SBIMF.COM Phone No: 0181 - 2238415.JALGAON : SBI Funds Management Ltd., 2nd floor,
Opp. SBI Main Branch, Stadium Complex, JilhaPeth, Jalgaon - 425001, Maharashtra. JAMMU: First Floor, A1
North Block, Bahu Plaza, Jammu-180012 Phone No : 0191-2474975 Email ID : cs.jammu@sbimf.com
JAMMU: SBI FUNDS MANAGEMENT LIMITED 115, FIRST FLOOR, A 1 NORTH BLOCK, BAHU PLAZA,
JAMMU-180012 EMAIL ID: CS.JAMMU@SBIMF.COM PHONE NO.: 0191-2474975 JAMNAGAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, C/o SBI Ranjit Road Branch, Ranjit Road, Jamnagar,-361001, Tel: 0288-2660104.
JAMNAGAR: 105, First Floor, Neo Atlantic, Opposite Amber Cinema, Jamnagar – 361 002, Gujarat. Phone No
:0288 - 2660104 Email ID : cs.jamnagar@sbimf.com JAMSHEDPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Fairdeal
Complex Unit, 2 M, M Floor, Opposite Ram Mandir, Bistupur, Jamshedpur - 831001 Tel no.: 0657-2320447,
Email ID: cs.jamshedpur@sbimf.com JHANSI: 649-650 Ground Floor, Near Tulsi Hotel, Chitra Chauraha,
Jhansi - 284001, UttarPradesh, Tel no.: 0510 – 3548113, 0510 – 3500103, Email ID:
CS.JHANSI@SBIMF.COM JODHPUR: SBI Funds Management Limited PRM Palza, Plot No. 947, 10th D Road,
Sardarpura, Jodhpur-342001 Phone No: 9829123397 Email ID : cs.jodhpur@sbimf.com. JORHAT : C/O Rajarshi
Barua, 1st Floor, Above SBI ATM, Barpatra Ali Road, Near JB College, Beside ICICI Bank, Jorhat – 785001,
Assam Email Id: cs.jorhat@sbimf.com Phone No: 6913120050. JUNAGADH : SBI Funds Management Ltd,
Balaji Avenue, First Floor, Shop No 7 & 8, Near Reliance Mall, Opposite Rajlaxmi Park, Motibaug to Sardarbaug
62

--- PAGE 64 ---
Floor, 7th Block, Industrial Layout, Koramangala, Bengaluru - 560 095. Phone No:9972302919 Email Id :
CS.Koramangala@sbimf.com KASARAGOD : SBI Funds Management Limited, Municipal Door No. KMC
6/1764P1764 V, First Floor,Aishwarya Arcade, Bank Road, Kasaragod, Kerala -671121, Phone No: 04994-
230350 Email Id : cs.kasaragod@sbimf.com KAITHAR: First Floor, Daulat Ram Chowk, Near Rajshree
Jeweller, Katihar – 854105, Bihar, Phone no: 6287042256, Email Id: cs.katihar@sbimf.com. KATNI: Ground
Floor, Jeevan Savitri Complex, Near Shree Hospital, Ward No 28, Bargwan Road, Bargwan Road, Katni –
483501, Madhya Pradesh, Phone No: 07622-478774 / 6269111462, Email Id: cs.katni@sbimf.com LATUR:
Ground Floor, Shop No. 4, Omkar Complex, Khardekar Stop, Ausa Road, Latur – 413512.Phone no: 02382 -
299494 Email id: cs.latur@sbimf.com LUCKNOW :SBI Funds Management Ltd, G-16, Kasmande House,2,
Park Road, Hazratganj,Lucknow-226 001, Tel : (522) 2286741,2286742.LUCKNOW: 25 – B, Ashok Marg,
Sikandar Bagh Crossing, Lucknow – 226 001, Uttar Pradesh. Contact No: 0522-2286742 Email ID:
cs.lucknow@sbimf.com LUDHIANA :SBI Funds Management Ltd, SCO-124, Ground Floor, Feroze Gandhi
Market, Ludhiana - 141001, Phone No.: 0161-2449849, 0161-5058415. LEH : SBI Funds Management Ltd,
C/o State Bank Of India Fire & Fury Branch, Opp. Hall of Fame, Air Port Road Leh, Dust - Leh. – 194101, Jammu
& Kashmir. MAHABUBNAGAR: SBI Funds Management Limited Ground Floor - #10-5-83/2A, Sara Complex,
Mahabubnagar- 509001, Telangana Phone No: 08542 220091 Email Id: cs.mahabubnagar@sbimf.com
MADHAPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, 1st Floor, Shristi Tower, 1-98/2/11/3, Arunodaya Colony, Madhapur,
Opposite Karachi Bakery, Hyderabad – 500081, Telangana, Phone no: 040 23119010. MANCHERIAL: SBI
Funds Management Limited. 1st Floor, House No. 12 -318 / 319, BPL 'X' Road, Mancherial, Telangana - 504208.
Phone No: 08736299994 Email ID: cs.mancherial@sbimf.com MATHURA: Sangam Complex, 98-C Krishna
Nagar,Mathura-281004,Uttar PradeshPhoneNo:8979636665 Email Id: cs.mathura@sbimf.com MUMBAI : SBI
Funds Management Limited. Unit No. 31, CR2 Mall, Plot no. 240 & 240A, Backbay Reclamation, Block no. III,
Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400021, Maharashtra. Email Id: cs.mumbai@sbimf.com Phone No: 022 – 66532800.
MADURAI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Ground Floor, Surya Towers, 272, Good Shed Street, Madurai -
625001 Phone No: 0452 4374242 Email id: cs.madurai@sbimf.com. MAPUSA: Shop no 9 & 10,Ground Floor,
Garden Centre, Block A, Opposite Mapusa Police station, Mapusa -403507, Goa. Phone No : 91 8669668965
Email Id : cs.mapusa@sbimf.com. MALDA: SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o ArindamSarkar, Vivekananda
Pally, Behind Fouzder Clinic, English Bazar, Malda - 732101, West Bengal. MANDI: C/O State Bank of India,
2nd Floor, Near Gandhi Chowk, Teh Sadar- Himachal Pradesh, Mandi -175001, Phone No.: 08894321280.
MANGALURU: SBI Funds Management Limited Ground Floor, Shop No.02,Door No.5-5-306/22(3), Prism
Commercial Complex, PVS Kalakunja Road, M G Road (Cross Road), Kodialbail, Mangaluru – 575003,
Karnataka, Phone No.: +91 9108042463. Email Id: cs.mangalore.sbimf.com MANINAGAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, 3rd Floor, 301, Amruta Arcade, Above Jade Blue, Opposite Jupiter House, Maninagar Cross
Road, Maninagar, Ahmedabad – 380 008 Phone No: 079 – 48442929 Email Id: csmaninagar@sbimf.com
MARGAO : SBI Funds Management Ltd, G1 & G2, Ground Floor, Jivottam, Minguel Miranda Road, Off Abade
Faria Road, Margao, Goa – 403601, Phone No: 0832-2725233 / 0832-2725234 Email Id:cs.margao@sbimf.com
MEERUT: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Ground Floor, RS Corporate House - A Plot No 229, Mangal Pandey
Nagar, Near Bhagyashree Hospital, Opposite Broadway Inn Hotel, Meerut- 250004, Uttar Pradesh, Phone No:
01214229616,8954891572, Email ID: cs.meerut@sbimf.com MEHSANA : SBI Funds Management Ltd, Shop
No. FF 56, Someshwar Mall, Modhera Road, Mehsana – 384002, Gujarat. MORADABAD: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, C/o SBI Main Branch, Civil Lines, Moradabad-244001, Tel: (0591) 2411411. MOTIHARI: SBI
Funds Management. Ltd.C/o State Bank of India, Chandmari Branch, Near Petrol Pump, Chandmari, Motihari,
East Champaran – 845401, Bihar MOHALI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, SCO 36-37, VRS District One, Above
HDFC Bank Sector 68, SAS Nagar Mohali- 160062, Punjab. Phone no: 0172-5053380 , Email id:
cs.mohali@sbimf.com MUZZAFFARPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, 2nd Floor, State Bank of India, Main
Branch, Red cross Building, Company Bagh, Muzaffarpur – 842001. Phone No: 08252106111/06200610373
Email id: CS.Muzaffarpur@sbimf.com Tel:. MYSORE: SBI Funds Management Ltd, No-145,1st Floor, 5th Cross,
5th Main, Sarswathipuram, Mysore - 570009, Tel: 0821-2424919. MAPUSA: Shop no 9 & 10,Ground Floor,
Garden Centre, Block A, Opposite Mapusa Police station, Mapusa -403507, Goa. Phone No : 91 8669668965
Email Id : cs.mapusa@sbimf.com. MIRZAPUR - First Floor, Triveni Chaurasia,Triveni
Campus,Ratanganj,Mirzapur-231001,Uttar Pradesh.Phone No: 9984507831 05442-350022 Email
Id:Cs.Mirzapur@Sbimf.Com. Malappuram: 18/484, First Floor, Thangal Shopping Complex, Kottappadi, Plaza
Tower, Down Hill Area, Malappuram, Kerala 676505, Phone No: 7559046677, Email
Id: cs.malappuram@sbimf.com NAGPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, 1st floor,Wardha House, Central Road,
Ramdaspeth, Nagpur – 440010, Tel No.: 0712-2996170,0712-2996160,Email Id: cs.nagpur@sbimf.com. NEW
DELHI :SBI Funds Management Ltd,Ground Floor, Gopal Das Building, 28 Barakhamba Road, Connaught
64

--- PAGE 73 ---
Building, Ground Floor, M.G. Road, Near Sahara Mall, Gurgaon-122002, Tel : (0124) 4200828, Email id:
cs.gurgaon@sbimf.com. GUWAHATI :SBI Funds Management Ltd, Sethi Trust Building,Unit-III, Above State
Bank of India-GMC Branch, G.S.Road, Bhangagarh, Guwahati-781005, Tel : (0361)2463704. GANDHIDHAM
:SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Adinath Arcade, Office No. 6, Police Station Road,
Gandhidham – 370201, Gujarat. GAYA: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Nandan Niketan, Ground Floor, Nagmatia
Road, Gaya-823001, Bihar, Phone No: 8252934222, 0631-2222405, Email Id:cs.gaya@sbimf.com.
GHATKOPAR : Shop No - 1 & 2, Atlantic Towers, R B Mehta Road, Near Railway Station, Ghatkopar – East,
Mumbai – 400077. Tel No.: 022 – 25012227 / 28. GHAZIABAD: SBI Funds Management Ltd, C – 40, RDC, Raj
Nagar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh - 201002 Phone No: 0120 – 4217338 Email id: cs.ghaziabad@sbimf.com
GIRIDIH: Shanti Heights,1st Floor, Above Hero Showroom, Whitty Bazar, Giridih - 815301. Phone No: 06532-
296009 Email id: cs.giridih@sbimf.com GORAKHPUR: Shop No – 6 & 7, Upper Ground Floor, Cross Mall The
Road, AD Chowk, Bank Road, Gorakhpur – 273001, Uttar Pradesh, Tel: 0551-2203378.GWALIOR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, Ground Floor, Uma Plaza 83 / 84, Kailash Vihar, Near City Centre, Ward No.30, Gwalior-
474001, Tel: 0751-2447272, Madhya Pradesh, Email Id: cs.gwalior@sbimf.com.GUNTUR : SBI Funds
Management Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Brodipet Branch, #4/11, Master Minds Building Brodipet, Guntur -
522002, Andhra Pradesh. Guna : SBI Funds Management Limited, 156/1,Hanuman Colony Infront of IDBI Bank,
AB Road, Guna -473001,Madhya Pradesh, Phone no: 07542-462999 Email id: cs.guna@sbimf.com
HYDERABAD: SBI Funds Management . Ltd., 1st Floor, Shivalik Plaza, 8-2-629/K, Road Number 1, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad 500034, Telangana. Phone no: 8121018378 Email id: cs.banjara@sbimf.com HAMIRPUR:
SBI Funds Management Ltd , c/o State Bank of India, Main Branch, Ist floor, Hamirpur – 177001, Himachal
Pradesh. Phone no:01972-224799 Email id: cs.hamirpur@sbimf.com. HALDIA: SBI Funds Management . Ltd.
Akash Ganga Commercial Complex, 3rd Floor, Manjushree, Village Basudevpur, Post Office – Khanjanchak,
Police Station- Durgachak, Haldia - 721602, Purba Medinipur Phone No: 9073641484 Email Id:
cs.haldia@sbimf.com HALDWANI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Upper Ground Floor, Guru Nanak Tower,
Durga City Center, Nainital Road, Haldwani - 263139 Uttarakhand, Tel:05946-220526/222925 Mobile No:
9412084061 / 9105562000 / 9105573000 Email ID: cs.haldwani@sbiml.com. HAZARIBAGH : SBI Funds
Management Ltd, Prabhu Niwas Market, AnandaChowk , Guru Govind Singh Road, Hazaribagh – 825301,
Jharkhand. HASAN: 1st Floor, Sri Charana Complex, Above SBI Main Branch, Behind Suvarna Residency, BM
Road, Hassan - 573201.Phone No: 8976920387 Email Id: cs.hassan@sbimf.comHISSAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, 42,Red Square Market, Nr. Hotel Regency, Hisar -125001, Haryana,, Tel: 01662 238415.
HUBLI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, c/o: State Bank of India, Market Branch, Laxmi Complex, Near Court Circle,
Hubli-580029, Tel: 0836-2368477. HOSIHARPUR : SBI Funds Management Limited Ground Floor, Opposite
Green View Park Near SBI Main Branch, Hoshiarpur-146001 Email ID: cs.hoshiarpur@sbimf.com Phone No.:
01882-228415 INDORE:SBI Funds Management Ltd, 215-216 City Centre, 2nd floor,570 M.G. Road, Indore –
452001, Tel : 0731 -2541141/4045944/4991080/4991081/4991082/4991083. IMPHAL : SBI Funds Management
Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Imphal Branch, M. G. Avenue, Imphal – 795001, Manipur. ITANAGAR : SBI Funds
Management Ltd, C/o State Bank of India, Personal Banking Branch, Ziro Point, Itanagar – 791111, Arunachal
Pradesh. JABALPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, G-2, Ground Floor, Rajleela Tower, Wright Town, Jabalpur
– 482002, Tel No.: 0761–2410042 .JAIPUR :SBI Funds Management Ltd, 1st Floor, SBI Tonk Road Branch,
Near Times of India Building,Tonk Road, Jaipur–302015, Tel : (0141) 2740016/2740061. JALANDHAR: SBI
Funds Management Ltd, SCO – 14, Ground Floor, P.U.D.A Complex Jalandhar – 144001. Email Id:
CS.Jalandhar@SBIMF.COM Phone No: 0181 - 2238415.JALGAON : SBI Funds Management Ltd., 2nd floor,
Opp. SBI Main Branch, Stadium Complex, JilhaPeth, Jalgaon - 425001, Maharashtra. JAMMU: First Floor, A1
North Block, Bahu Plaza, Jammu-180012 Phone No : 0191-2474975 Email ID : cs.jammu@sbimf.com
JAMMU: SBI FUNDS MANAGEMENT LIMITED 115, FIRST FLOOR, A 1 NORTH BLOCK, BAHU PLAZA,
JAMMU-180012 EMAIL ID: CS.JAMMU@SBIMF.COM PHONE NO.: 0191-2474975 JAMNAGAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, C/o SBI Ranjit Road Branch, Ranjit Road, Jamnagar,-361001, Tel: 0288-2660104.
JAMNAGAR: 105, First Floor, Neo Atlantic, Opposite Amber Cinema, Jamnagar – 361 002, Gujarat. Phone No
:0288 - 2660104 Email ID : cs.jamnagar@sbimf.com JAMSHEDPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Fairdeal
Complex Unit, 2 M, M Floor, Opposite Ram Mandir, Bistupur, Jamshedpur - 831001 Tel no.: 0657-2320447,
Email ID: cs.jamshedpur@sbimf.com JHANSI: 649-650 Ground Floor, Near Tulsi Hotel, Chitra Chauraha,
Jhansi - 284001, UttarPradesh, Tel no.: 0510 – 3548113, 0510 – 3500103, Email ID:
CS.JHANSI@SBIMF.COM JODHPUR: SBI Funds Management Limited PRM Palza, Plot No. 947, 10th D Road,
Sardarpura, Jodhpur-342001 Phone No: 9829123397 Email ID : cs.jodhpur@sbimf.com. JORHAT : C/O Rajarshi
Barua, 1st Floor, Above SBI ATM, Barpatra Ali Road, Near JB College, Beside ICICI Bank, Jorhat – 785001,
Assam Email Id: cs.jorhat@sbimf.com Phone No: 6913120050. JUNAGADH : SBI Funds Management Ltd,
73

--- PAGE 75 ---
Email: CS.Kollam@sbimf.com KORAMANGALA: C/o. State Bank of India,Start – Up Hub Branch,#117, 1st
Floor, 7th Block, Industrial Layout, Koramangala, Bengaluru - 560 095. Phone No:9972302919 Email Id :
CS.Koramangala@sbimf.com KASARAGOD : SBI Funds Management Limited, Municipal Door No. KMC
6/1764P1764 V, First Floor,Aishwarya Arcade, Bank Road, Kasaragod, Kerala -671121, Phone No: 04994-
230350 Email Id : cs.kasaragod@sbimf.com KAITHAR: First Floor, Daulat Ram Chowk, Near Rajshree
Jeweller, Katihar – 854105, Bihar, Phone no: 6287042256, Email Id: cs.katihar@sbimf.com. KATNI: Ground
Floor, Jeevan Savitri Complex, Near Shree Hospital, Ward No 28, Bargwan Road, Bargwan Road, Katni –
483501, Madhya Pradesh, Phone No: 07622-478774 / 6269111462, Email Id: cs.katni@sbimf.com LATUR:
Ground Floor, Shop No. 4, Omkar Complex, Khardekar Stop, Ausa Road, Latur – 413512.Phone no: 02382 -
299494 Email id: cs.latur@sbimf.com LUCKNOW :SBI Funds Management Ltd, G-16, Kasmande House,2,
Park Road, Hazratganj,Lucknow-226 001, Tel : (522) 2286741,2286742.LUCKNOW: 25 – B, Ashok Marg,
Sikandar Bagh Crossing, Lucknow – 226 001, Uttar Pradesh. Contact No: 0522-2286742 Email ID:
cs.lucknow@sbimf.com LUDHIANA :SBI Funds Management Ltd, SCO-124, Ground Floor, Feroze Gandhi
Market, Ludhiana - 141001, Phone No.: 0161-2449849, 0161-5058415. LEH : SBI Funds Management Ltd,
C/o State Bank Of India Fire & Fury Branch, Opp. Hall of Fame, Air Port Road Leh, Dust - Leh. – 194101, Jammu
& Kashmir. MAHABUBNAGAR: SBI Funds Management Limited Ground Floor - #10-5-83/2A, Sara Complex,
Mahabubnagar- 509001, Telangana Phone No: 08542 220091 Email Id: cs.mahabubnagar@sbimf.com
MADHAPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, 1st Floor, Shristi Tower, 1-98/2/11/3, Arunodaya Colony, Madhapur,
Opposite Karachi Bakery, Hyderabad – 500081, Telangana, Phone no: 040 23119010. MANCHERIAL: SBI
Funds Management Limited. 1st Floor, House No. 12 -318 / 319, BPL 'X' Road, Mancherial, Telangana - 504208.
Phone No: 08736299994 Email ID: cs.mancherial@sbimf.com MATHURA: Sangam Complex, 98-C Krishna
Nagar,Mathura-281004,Uttar PradeshPhoneNo:8979636665 Email Id: cs.mathura@sbimf.com MUMBAI : SBI
Funds Management Limited. Unit No. 31, CR2 Mall, Plot no. 240 & 240A, Backbay Reclamation, Block no. III,
Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400021, Maharashtra. Email Id: cs.mumbai@sbimf.com Phone No: 022 – 66532800.
MADURAI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Ground Floor, Surya Towers, 272, Good Shed Street, Madurai -
625001 Phone No: 0452 4374242 Email id: cs.madurai@sbimf.com. MAPUSA: Shop no 9 & 10,Ground Floor,
Garden Centre, Block A, Opposite Mapusa Police station, Mapusa -403507, Goa. Phone No : 91 8669668965
Email Id : cs.mapusa@sbimf.com. MALDA: SBI Funds Management Ltd, C/o ArindamSarkar, Vivekananda
Pally, Behind Fouzder Clinic, English Bazar, Malda - 732101, West Bengal. MANDI: C/O State Bank of India,
2nd Floor, Near Gandhi Chowk, Teh Sadar- Himachal Pradesh, Mandi -175001, Phone No.: 08894321280.
MANGALURU: SBI Funds Management Limited Ground Floor, Shop No.02,Door No.5-5-306/22(3), Prism
Commercial Complex, PVS Kalakunja Road, M G Road (Cross Road), Kodialbail, Mangaluru – 575003,
Karnataka, Phone No.: +91 9108042463. Email Id: cs.mangalore.sbimf.com MANINAGAR: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, 3rd Floor, 301, Amruta Arcade, Above Jade Blue, Opposite Jupiter House, Maninagar Cross
Road, Maninagar, Ahmedabad – 380 008 Phone No: 079 – 48442929 Email Id: csmaninagar@sbimf.com
MARGAO : SBI Funds Management Ltd, G1 & G2, Ground Floor, Jivottam, Minguel Miranda Road, Off Abade
Faria Road, Margao, Goa – 403601, Phone No: 0832-2725233 / 0832-2725234 Email Id:cs.margao@sbimf.com
MEERUT: SBI Funds Management Ltd, Ground Floor, RS Corporate House - A Plot No 229, Mangal Pandey
Nagar, Near Bhagyashree Hospital, Opposite Broadway Inn Hotel, Meerut- 250004, Uttar Pradesh, Phone No:
01214229616,8954891572, Email ID: cs.meerut@sbimf.com MEHSANA : SBI Funds Management Ltd, Shop
No. FF 56, Someshwar Mall, Modhera Road, Mehsana – 384002, Gujarat. MORADABAD: SBI Funds
Management Ltd, C/o SBI Main Branch, Civil Lines, Moradabad-244001, Tel: (0591) 2411411. MOTIHARI: SBI
Funds Management. Ltd.C/o State Bank of India, Chandmari Branch, Near Petrol Pump, Chandmari, Motihari,
East Champaran – 845401, Bihar MOHALI: SBI Funds Management Ltd, SCO 36-37, VRS District One, Above
HDFC Bank Sector 68, SAS Nagar Mohali- 160062, Punjab. Phone no: 0172-5053380 , Email id:
cs.mohali@sbimf.com MUZZAFFARPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, 2nd Floor, State Bank of India, Main
Branch, Red cross Building, Company Bagh, Muzaffarpur – 842001. Phone No: 08252106111/06200610373
Email id: CS.Muzaffarpur@sbimf.com Tel:. MYSORE: SBI Funds Management Ltd, No-145,1st Floor, 5th Cross,
5th Main, Sarswathipuram, Mysore - 570009, Tel: 0821-2424919. MAPUSA: Shop no 9 & 10,Ground Floor,
Garden Centre, Block A, Opposite Mapusa Police station, Mapusa -403507, Goa. Phone No : 91 8669668965
Email Id : cs.mapusa@sbimf.com. MIRZAPUR - First Floor, Triveni Chaurasia,Triveni
Campus,Ratanganj,Mirzapur-231001,Uttar Pradesh.Phone No: 9984507831 05442-350022 Email
Id:Cs.Mirzapur@Sbimf.Com. Malappuram: 18/484, First Floor, Thangal Shopping Complex, Kottappadi, Plaza
Tower, Down Hill Area, Malappuram, Kerala 676505, Phone No: 7559046677, Email
Id: cs.malappuram@sbimf.com NAGPUR: SBI Funds Management Ltd, 1st floor,Wardha House, Central Road,
Ramdaspeth, Nagpur – 440010, Tel No.: 0712-2996170,0712-2996160,Email Id: cs.nagpur@sbimf.com. NEW
75

--- PAGE 80 ---
CAMS INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRES / CAMS TRANSACTION POINTS
AHMEDABAD: 303-304, 3rd floor, Marcado, Opp. Municipal Market, Near President, Hotel, C. G. Road,
Ahmedbad – 380 009, Gujarat. Phone No: 0790-69435600 Email ID: camsahm@camsonline.com .
AGARTALA: CAMS Service Centre. Nibedita, 1st Floor, JB Road Palace Compound, Agartala, Near Babuana
Tea and Snacks, Tripura West – 799001. Phone No: 9436761695 , 0381-2323009 Email id:
camsaga@camsonline.com. AGRA: No. 8, II Floor, Maruti Tower, Sanjay Place, Agra-282002, Tel: 0562-324
2267. AHMEDNAGAR: B, 1+3, Krishna Enclave Complex, Near Hotel Natraj, Nagar- Aurangabad Road,
Ahmednagar -414 001, Tel: 241-6450282. AJMER: AMC No. 423/30, Near Church, Brahampuri,Opp T B
Hospital, Jaipur Road, Ajmer-305001, Tel: 0145-329 2040. AKOLA :Opp. RLT Science College, Civil Lines,
Akola-444001, Tel: 724-3203830. ALIGARH: City Enclave, Opp. Kumar Nursing Home, Ramghat Road, Aligarh-
202001, Tel: 571-3200301. ALLAHABAD (PRAYAGRAJ):18/18A, FF-3, Gayatri Dham Milan Tower, MG Marg,
Civil Lines, Prayagraj-211001 Phone: - 9554800010 Email ID: camsall@camsonline.com . ALLEPPEY: Doctor’s
Tower Building, Door No. 14/2562, 1st floor, North of Iorn Bridge, Near Hotel Arcadia Regency, Alleppey-688011,
Tel: 477-3209718. ALWAR: 256A, Scheme No:1, Arya Nagar, Alwar-301001, Tel: 0144-3200451. AMARAVATI
: 81, Gulsham Tower, 2nd Floor, Near Panchsheel Talkies, Amaravati-444601, Tel: 0721-329 1965. AMBALA:
Shop No.4250, Near B D Senior Secondary School, Ambala Cantt, Ambala – 133001, Haryana. Email id:
camsamb@camsonline.com AMRITSAR: 3rd Floor Bearing Unit no- 313, Mukut House, Amritsar –
143001.Email Id: camsamt@camsonline.com Phone No: 0183-5009990AMRELI: B1,1st Floor, Mira Arcode,
Library Road, Opp SBS Bank, Amreli-365601, Gujarat. Email: camsamre@camsonline.com Phone no: 02792-
220792 ANAND: 101, A.P. Tower, B/H, SardharGunj, Next to Nathwani Chambers, Anand-388001, Tel: 02692-
325071. ANANTAPUR: 15-570-33, I Floor, Pallavi Towers, Anantapur, Anantapur -515 001, Tel: 8554-326980,
326921. ANGUL: Similipada, Near Sidhi Binayak+2 Science College, Angul – 759122. ANDHERI : 351, Icon,
501, 5th floor, Western Express Highway, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400069, Tel: 7303923299. ANKLESHWAR:
Shop No - F -56, First Floor,Omkar Complex, Opp Old Colony,NrValia Char Rasta, GIDC, Ankleshwar- Bharuch
-393002, Tel: 02646-310207. ARAMBAGH: Mukherjee Building, First Floor, Beside MP Jewelers, Next to
Mannapuram Ward No 5 Link Road, Arambagh, Hoogly-712601,West Bengal, Phone no: 07548048948
Email id: camsabh@camsonline.com ARRAH: Old NCC Office, Ground Floor, Club Road, Arrah – 802301,
Email id: camsaar@camsonline.com. ASANSOL: Block – G 1st Floor, P C Chatterjee Market Complex,
RambandhuTalab P O Ushagram, Asansol-713303, Tel: 0341- 2316054. AURANGABAD : 2nd Floor, Block No.
D-21-D-22, Motiwala Trade Center, Nirala Bazar, New Samarth Nagar, Opposite HDFC Bank, Aurangabad –
431001, Tel: 0240-6450226. BAGALKOT: 1st floor, E Block Melligeri Towers, station road, Bagalkot-587101,
Tel: 8354-225329. BAGALKOT: Shop No.02 1st Floor, Shreyas Complex, Near Old Bus Stand, Bagalkot-587101,
Karnataka. Email: camsbkt@camsonline.com Phone no: 8354-220909 BALASORE: B C Sen Road, Balasore-
756001, Tel: 06782-326808. BANGALORE: Trade Centre, 1st Floor, 45, Dikensen Road, (Next to Manipal
Centre), Bangalore-560 042, Tel: 080-3057 4709, 3057 4710, 30578004, 30578006. BANGALORE:First Floor,
17/1, (272), 12th Cross Road, Wilson Garden, Bangalore – 560027 Email: camsbwg@camsonline.com .Phone
no: 09513759058.BANKURA: 1stFloor, Central Bank Building, Machantala, Post Office & District Bankura, West
Bengal -722101. Email: camsbqa@camsonline.com Tel. no. 03242 - 252668. BAREILLY: D-61, Butler Plaza,
Civil Lines, Bareilly- 243001, Phone No.: 0581-6450121. BARASAT: N/39, K.N.C Road, 1st Floor, Shri krishna
Apartment, Behind HDFC Bank Barasat Branch, Post Office and Police Station Barasat, 24PGS (North), West
Bengal – 700124. Email Id: camsbrst@camsonline.com BARDOLI: F-10, First Wings, Desai Market, Gandhi
Road, Bardoli-394601. Gujarat. Email: camsbrd@camsonline.com Phone no: 08000791814 BALURGHAT:
Narayanpur, Near Balurghat Bus Stand, P.O & P.S – Balurghat, District Dakshin Dinajpur, West Bengal –
733101, Phone No.: 0967901bori3116. BASTI: Office no 3, Ist Floor, Jamia Shopping Complex, (Opposite
Pandey School), Station Road, Basti-272002, Tel: 5542-327979. Basirhat : CAMS Service Center Apurba
Market, Ground Floor, Vill Mirjapur, Opposite Basirhat College, Post Office at Basirhat College, North Parganas
24, Basirhat – 743412 BELGAUM: Classic Complex, Block no 104, 1st Floor, Saraf Colony, Khanapur Road,
Tilakwadi, Belgaum - 590 006, Phone No.: 09243689047. BELLARY: 18/47/A, Govind Nilaya, Ward No 20,
Sangankal Moka Road, Gandhinagar, Ballari - 583102 Email: camsbry@camsonline.com Phone no:
6361070264. BERHAMPUR: Kalika Temple Street, Besides SBI BAZAR Branch, Berhampur-760 002, Ganjam,
Odisha Tel: 9238120071.BHADRAK: Das & Das Complex, 1st Floor, By Pass Road, Opposite to Vishal Mega
Mart, Chhapulia, Bhadrak, Odisha – 756100 Phone No – 8093319512 E-mail Id- camsbrk@camsonline.com.
JEYPORE; SBI Funds Management Limited 1/2666, Infront of Sadar Thana, NH-26, Jagadhatripura, Jeypore,
District: Koraput - 764001, Odisha. Phone no: 06854451707 Email id: cs.jeypore@sbimf.com BHAGALPUR:
Ground Floor, Gurudwara Road, Near Old Vijaya Bank, Bhagalpur – 812001.Phone No: 9264499905email Id:
80

--- PAGE 81 ---
camsblp@camsonline.com. BHARUCH (PARENT: ANKLESHWAR TP): A-111, 1st First Floor, R K Casta,
Behind Patel Super Market, Station Road, Bharuch - 392001, Gujarat. Phone No: 098253 04183. BHATINDA:
2907 GH,GT Road, Near ZilaParishad, BHATINDA, BHATINDA-151001, Tel: 164-3204511. BHAVNAGAR: 501
– 503, Bhayani Skyline, Behind Joggers Park, Atabhai Road, Bhavnagar-364002, Tel:0278-2225572, Email id:
camsbha@camsonline.com BHILAI: First Floor, Plot No. 3, Block No. 1, Priyadarshini Parisar West, Behind IDBI
Bank, Nehru Nagar, Bhilai-490020, Tel: 9203900630 / 9907218680. BHILWARA: Indraparstha tower, Second
floor, Shyamkisabjimandi, Near Mukharji garden, Bhilwara-311001, Tel: 01482-231808, 321048. BHOPAL: Plot
no 10, 2nd Floor, Alankar Complex, Near ICICI Bank, MP Nagar, Zone II, Bhopal-462011, Tel: 0755-329 5873.
BHUBANESWAR: Plot No - 111, Varaha Complex Building, 3rd Floor, Station Square, KharvelNagar,Unit 3,
Bhubaneswar-751 001, Tel: 0674-325 3307, 325 3308. BHUJ: Tirthkala First Floor, Opp. BMCB Bank, New
Station Road, Bhuj, Kachchh – 370001, Gujarat Phone No: 02832-45031 Email: camsbuj@camsonline.com
BHUSAWAL (PARENT: JALGAON TP): 3, Adelade Apartment, ChristainMohala, Behind Gulshan-E-Iran Hotel,
Amardeep Talkies Road, Bhusawal, Bhusawal-425201, BIHAR:. C/O Muneshwar Prasad, Sibaji Colony, SBI
Main Branch Road, Near Mobile Tower, Purnea - 854301, Bihar.E-mail- camspna@camsonline.com BIHAR
SHARIF : R&C Palace, Amber Station Road, Opp. Mamta Complex, BiharSharif-803101, Nalanda, Tel no.-
06112–235054 BIJAPUR: 1st floor, Gajanan Complex, Azad Road, Bijapur-586101, Tel: 8352-259520.
BIJAPUR: Padmasagar Complex,1st floor, 2nd Gate, Ameer Talkies Road, Vijayapur – 586101, Bijapur Phone
No: 083 52259520. Email Id: camsbij@camsonline.com. BIKANER: Behind Rajasthan patrika, In front of Vijaya
Bank,1404, Amar Singh Pura, Bikaner-334001, Tel: 9214245819. BILASPUR: Shop No. B - 104, First Floor,
Narayan Plaza, Link Road, Bilaspur - 495001, Chattisgarh, Tel: 9203900626. BOHOROMPUR: 107/1, A C Road,
Ground Floor, Bohorompur, Murshidabad, West Bengal – 742103.West Bengal. Tel: 08535855998 BOKARO:
1st Floor, Plot No. HE-7 City Centre, Sector 4, Bokaro Steel City, Bokaro- 827004, Jharkhand, India, Tel: 06542
– 359182 Email Id:camsbkr@camsonline.com BONGAIGAON: G.N.B.Road, Bye Lane, Prakash Cinema,PO &
Dist. Bongaigaon-783380, Assam.Email: camsbon@camsonline.com Phone no: 03664-230008 BOLPUR:
Room No. FB26, 1st Floor, Netaji Market, Bolpur, West Bengal – 731204, Phone No.: 09800988054. BORIVALI:
501 -Tiara CTS 617, 617/1-4, Off Chandavarkar Lane, Maharashtra Nagar, Borivali West, Mumbai -400092.
Email ID: camsbor@camsonline.com Phone No.: 022 – 28900132. BURDWAN: 399, G T Road, Basement,Talk
of the Town, Burdwan - 713101, West Bengal, Tel: 0342- 3551397,Email ID- camsbdw@camsonline.com
CALICUT: 29/97G 2nd Floor, Gulf Air Building, Mavoor Road, Arayidathupalam, Calicut-673016, Tel: 0495-325
5984. CHAIBASA : CAMS Service Centre Gram - Gutusahi under the Nimdih Panchayat, Post office Chaibasa,
Muffasil Thana, District - West Singhbhum, Jharkhand - 833201.Email ID - camscbsa@camsonline.com Phone
No - 9437340883 CHANDIGARH: Deepak Tower, SCO 154-155,1st Floor, Sector 17-C, Chandigarh-160 017,
Tel: 0172-304 8720, 304 8721, 304 8722, 3048723. CHANDRAPUR: Opposite Mustafa Décor,Near Bangalore
Bakery, Kasturba Road, Chandrapur-442402, Tel: 7172-253108. CHENNAI: Ground Floor No.178/10,
Kodambakkam High Road, Opp. Hotel Palmgrove, Nungambakkam, Chennai-600 034, Tel: 044-39115 561,
39115 562, 39115 563, 39115 565. CHENNAI:Rayala Towers, 158, Anna Salai, Chennai – 600002 Tel: 044
30407236. CHENNAI: III Floor, B R Complex, No.66, Door No. 11A, Ramakrishna Iyer Street, Opp. National
Cinema Theatre, West Tambaram, Chennai – 600 045. Email: camstam@camsonline.com Phone no: 044-
22267030 / 29850030. CHHINDWARA: Shop No. 01, Near Puja Lawn, Parasia Road, Chhindwara - 480 001,
Madhya Pradesh, Tel No: 9203900507. CHIDAMBARAM: Shop No. 1 & 2,saradaram complex door no 6-7,
Theradikadai street, Chidambaram, Chidambaram-608001, Tel: 4144-221746. CHITTORGARH: 3 Ashok Nagar,
Near Heera Vatika, Chittorgarh -312001, Tel: 1472-324810. COCHIN: Ittoop’s Imperial Trade Center, Door No.
64/5871 – D, 3rd Floor, M. G. Road (North), Cochin-682 035, Tel: 0484-323 4658. Cochin: Modayil Building,Door
No. 39/2638 DJ,2nd Floor, 2A, M. G. Road,Cochin – 682 016 COIMBATORE: No 1334; Thadagam Road,
Thirumoorthy Layout, R.S. Puram, Behind Venkteswara Bakery, Coimbatore – 641002, Tel: 0422-2434355/53.
COOCHBEHAR: S. N. ROAD, BYE LANE, BADUR BAGAN, NEAR GOURI SHANKAR, COOCHBEHAR –
736101, West Bengal. Phone No.: 03582-226739. Email ID: camschb@camsonline.com CUTTACK: Near Indian
Overseas Bank, Cantonment Road, Mata Math, Cuttack-753001. DARBHANGA: Ground Floor, Shyam Kunj, 2-
Girindra Mohan Road, Near Radio Station, Darbhanga-846004 Bihar,Tel: 06272245004, Email ID:
CS.Darbhanga@sbimf.com, DAVENEGERE: 13, Ist Floor, AkkamahadeviSamaj Complex, Church Road,
P.J.Extension, Devengere-577002, Tel: 08192-326226. DEHRADUN: 204/121 NariShilpMandirMarg, Old
Connaught Place, Dehradun-248001, Tel: 0135-325 8460. DEOGHAR: S S M Jalan Road, Ground floor, Opp.
Hotel Ashoke, Caster Town, Deoghar-814112, Tel: 6432-320227. DEWAS: 11 Ram Nagar - 1st Floor, A. B. Road,
Near Indian- Allahabad Bank, Dewas –455001, Madhya Pradesh. Phone No: 07272 – 403382 Email Id:
camsdew@camsonline.comDHANBAD: Urmila Towers, Room No: 111(1st Floor), Bank More, Dhanbad-
826001, Tel: 0326-2304675. DHARMAPURI :16A/63A, Pidamaneri Road, Near Indoor Stadium, Dharmapuri,
81

--- PAGE 82 ---
Dharmapuri -636 701, Tel: 4342-310304. DHULE: House No. 3140, Opp Liberty Furniture, Jamnalal Bajaj Road,
Near Tower Garden, Dhule – 424001, Tel No: 02562 – 640272. DIBRUGARH: Amba Complex,Ground Floor,H
S Road,Dibrugarh-786001. DIMAPUR: MM Apartment,House No; 436 (Ground Floor), Dr. Hokeshe Sema Road,
Near Bharat Petroleum, Lumthi Colony, Opposite T.K Complex, Dimapur – 797112, Nagaland Email:
camsdmv@camsonline.com.DURGAPUR: Plot No. 3601, Nazrul Sarani, City Centre, Durgapur-713 216, Tel:
0343-2545420/30. DWARKA: SBI Funds Management Limited, Plot No. 447, 2nd Floor, Sector - 19,
Dwarka – 110075, Delhi. Phone no: 9999379462 Landline: 011- 42670074 Email id:
cs.dwarka@sbimf.com ELURU: 22B-3-9, Karl Marx Street, Powerpet, Eluru, Andhra Pradesh - 534002. Tel:
08812 – 231381 ERODE: 197, Seshaiyer Complex, Agraharam Street, Erode-638001, Tel: 0424-320 7730.
FAIZABAD: 9/1/51, Rishi Tola, Fatehganj, Ayodhya, Faizabad Uttar Pradesh–22400, Email Id:
camsfzd@camsonline.com FARIDHABAD: LG3, SCO 12 Sector 16, Behind Canara Bank, Faridabad – 121002
Phone No: 0129-4320372 Email id: camsfdb@camsonline.com FIROZABAD: First Floor, Adjacent to
Saraswati Shishu Mandir School, Gaushala, Near UPPCL Sub Station,(Gandhi Park), Company Bagh,
Chauraha, Firozabad – 283203,Email Id: camsfrz@camsonline.com GANDHIDHAM: Shyam Sadan, First Floor,
Plot No 120,Sector 1/A, Gandhidham - 370201 Phone No: 02836 233220 Email Id:
camsgdm@camsonline.com. GANDHINAGAR: M-12 Mezzanine Floor, Suman Tower, Sector 11, Gandhinagar
– 382011. Tel: 079-23240170. GANGTOK: House No: GTK /006/D/20(3), Near Janata Bhawan, Diesel Power
House Road (D.P.H. Road), Gangtok - 737101, Sikkim. Phone No: 03592-202562 Email:
camsgtka@camsonline.com GAYA: C/O Sri Vishwanath Kunj, Ground Floor, Tilha Mahavir Asthan, Gaya –
823001.Phone No: 9472179424 Email Id: camsgaya@camsonline.com GHAZIABAD: First Floor C - 10 RDC
Rajnagar, Opposite Kacheri Gate No.2 Ghaziabad – 201002.Phone No: 0120 – 6510540 Email Id:
camsgha@camsonline.comGOA: Lawande Sarmalkar Bhavan, 1st Floor, Office No. 2 Next to Mahalaxmi
Temple, Panaji, Goa - 403 001, Tel: 0832- 6450439. GODHRA: 1st Floor, Prem Praksh Tower, B/H
B.N.Chambers, Ankleshwar Mahadev Road, Godhra – 389001, Gujarat Email: camsgdh@camsonline.com
Phone no: 08000724711GONDAL (PARENT RAJKOT): A/177, Kailash Complex, Opp. Khedut Decor,
GONDAL-360 311, Tel: 0281-329 8158. GORAKHPUR: Shop No. 3, Second Floor, The Mall, Cross Road, A.D.
Chowk, Bank Road, Gorakhpur-273001, Tel: 0551-329 4771. GORAKHPUR : CAMS SERVICE CENTRE UNIT
NO-115, FIRST FLOOR, VIPUL AGORA BUILDING, SECTOR-28, MEHRAULI GURGAON ROAD, CHAKKAR
PUR GURGAON - 122001 EMAIL ID: CAMSGUR@CAMSONLINE.COM PHONE NO: 0124-4048022
GREATER NOIDA: SBI Funds Management Limited, Tradex Tower No.1, Ground Floor, Shop No.
G11 & G12, Plot No. 3B, Alpha Commercial Belt, Sector Alpha- 1, Greater Noida – 201308, Uttar
Pradesh Phone no: 9717728766 Email id: cs.greaternoida@sbimf.com GULBARGA: Pal Complex, Ist
Floor, Opp. City Bus Stop, Super Market, Gulbarga, Gulbarga-585 101, Tel: 8472-310119. GUNTUR: Door No
5-38-44, 5/1 BRODIPET, Near Ravi Sankar Hotel, Guntur-522002, Tel: 0863-325 2671. GURGAON: UNIT NO-
115, First Floor, Vipul Agora Building, Sector-28, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Chakkar Pur Gurgaon – 122001 Email
Id:camsgur@camsonline.com Phone No.0124-4048022. GUWAHATI: Piyali Phukan Road, K. C. Path, House
No – 1, Rehabari, Guwahati – 781008, Phone No.: 07896035933. GWALIOR: G-6 Global Apartment,
KailashVihar Colony, Opp. Income Tax Office, City Centre, Gwalior-474002, Tel: 0751-320 2311. HALDIA: 2nd
Floor, New Market Complex, 2nd Floor, New Market Complex, Durgachak Post Office,PurbaMedinipur District,
Haldia, Haldia-721 602, Tel: 3224-320273. HALDWANI: Durga City Centre, Nainital Road, Haldwani, Haldwani
-263139, Tel: 5946-220526/222925 Emai: cs.haldwani@sbimf.com. HARIDWAR: F – 3, Hotel Shaurya, New
Model Colony, Haridwar, Uttarkhand – 249408, Email id: camshwr@camsonline.com. HASSAN: Vidya Bhavan
Building, 1st Floor, Old Bus Stand Road. Hassan-573201Karranataka. Email: camshas@camsonline.com Phone
no: 08172-456301HAZARIBAG: Municipal Market, AnnandaChowk, Hazaribagh, Hazaribagh-825301, Tel:
6546-320250. HIMMATNAGAR: Unit No. 326, Third Floor, One World-1,Block-A,Himmatnagar-
383001,Gujarat,Phone No: 02772244332,Email id:camshim@camsonline.com HISAR: 12, Opp. Bank of
Baroda, Red Square Market, Hisar, Hisar-125001, Tel: 1662-329580. HOSHIARPUR :NearArchies Gallery,
Shimla PahariChowk, Hoshiarpur, Hoshiarpur-146 001, Tel: 1882-321082. HOSUR:No.9/2, 1st Floor,Attibele
Road, HCF Post,Behind RTO Office, Mathigiri, Hosur – 635110,Tel: 04344-645010. HUBLI: No.204 - 205, 1st
Floor, ‘ B ‘ Block, Kundagol Complex, Opp. Court, Club Road, Hubli-580029, Tel: 0836-329 3374. HYDERABAD:
208, II Floor, Jade Arcade, Paradise Circle, Secunderabad-500 003, Tel: 040-3918 2471, 3918 2473, 3918 2468,
3918 2469. INDORE: 101, Shalimar Corporate Centre, 8-B, South tukogunj, Opp.Greenpark, Indore-452 001,
Tel: 0731-325 3692, 325 3646. Ichalkaranji ; 12/179, Bairagdar Building, Behind Congress Committee Office,
Ichalkaranji. – 416115, Maharashtra. Phone No. 8830989955 Email Id: camsich@camsonline.com JABALPUR:
8, Ground Floor, Datt Towers, Behind Commercial Automobiles, Napier Town, Jabalpur-482001, Tel: 0761-329
82

--- PAGE 83 ---
1921. JAIPUR: R-7, YudhisthirMarg, C-Scheme, Behind Ashok Nagar Police Station, Jaipur-302 001, Tel: 0141-
326 9126, 326 9128, 5104373, 5104372. JALANDHAR: 144, Vijay Nagar, Near Capital Small Finance
Bank,Football Chowk, Jalandhar City – 144001 Phone No: 0181 – 2452336 Email Id: camsjal@camsonline.com
JALGAON: RustomjiInfotech Services, 70, Navipeth, Opp. Old Bus Stand, Jalgaon-425001, Tel: 0257-3207118.
JALNA : Shop No 6, Ground Floor, Anand Plaza Complex, Bharat Nagar,ShivajiPutla Road, Jalna, Jalna-431
203, Tel: - JALPAIGURI : Babu Para, Beside Meenaar Apartment, Ward No VIII, Kotwali Police Station, Post
Office & District : Jalpaigur – 735101, West Bengal. JAMMU: JRDS Heights, Lane Opp. S&S Computers, Near
RBI Building, Sector 14, Nanak Nagar, Jammu-180004, Tel: 09205432061, 2432601. JAMNAGAR: 217/218,
Manek Centre, P.N. Marg, Jamnagar-361008, Tel: 0288-3206200. JAMSHEDPUR: Tee Kay Corporate Towers,
Third Floor, S B Shop Area, Main Road, Bistupur, Jamshedpur-831001, Jharkhand, Tel: 0657-2320015, Email
id: camsjpr@camsonline.com JAUNPUR :248, FORT ROAD, Near AMBER HOTEL, Jaunpur -222001, Tel:
5452-321630. JHANSI: 372/18 D, 1st Floor, Above IDBI Bank, Beside V-Mart, Near "RASKHAN", Gwalior Road,
Jhansi – 284001, Tel: 9235402124/ 7850883325. JODHPUR: 1/5, Nirmal Tower, IstChopasani Road, Jodhpur-
342003, Tel: 0291-325 1357. JORHAT: Jail road, Dholasatra,Near Jonaki Shangha Vidyalaya,Post Office –
Dholasatra, Jorhat – 785001, Assam, Tel : 0376-2932558. JORHAT: Singh building, Ground Floor, C/o-
Prabhdeep Singh, Punjabi Gali, Opposite V-mart, Gar Ali, PO & PS, Jorhat – 785 001, Assam. Phone No:
7086113787, Email id: camsjor@camsonline.com JUNAGADH: “AASTHA PLUS”, 202-A, 2nd floor, Sardarbag
road, Near Alkapuri, Opp. Zansi Rani Statue, Junagadh – 362001, Gujarat, Tel: 0285-6540002. KALYAN: CAMS
Service Centre. Office No 413, 414, 415, 4th Floor, Seasons Business Centre, Opposite KDMC (Kalyan Dombivli
Municipal Corporation), Shivaji Chowk, Kalyan West – 421 301. Email id: camskyn@camsonline.com KADAPA:
D.No: 3/2151/2152, Shop No: 4, Near Food Nation, Raja Reddy Street, Kadapa – 516 001, Andhra Pradesh ,
Tel: : 08562-248695 Email: camskdp@camsonline.com . KANGRA: Collage Road, Kangra, District Kangra-
176001, Himachal Pradesh.Email: camskan@camsonline.com Phone no:01892-260089 KAKINADA: D No-25-
4-29,1st floor, Kommireddy Vari Street, Beside Warf Road, Opposite Swathi Medicals, Kakinada - 533001,
Andhra Pradesh, Phone No.: 0884-6560102. KANNUR: Room No.14/435, Casa Marina Shopping Centre, Talap,
Kannur, Kannur-670004, Tel: 497-324 9382. KANPUR: I Floor 106 to 108, CITY CENTRE Phase II, 63/ 2, THE
MALL, Kanpur-208 001, Tel: 0512-3918003, 3918000, 3918001, 3918002. KARIMNAGAR: HNo.7-1-257,
Upstairs S B H, Mangammathota, Karimnagar, Karimnagar -505 001, Tel: 878-3205752, 3208004. KARNAL 29,
Avtar Colony,Behind Vishal Mega Mart, Karnal – 132001, KARUR: No. A5 75/1, Vaiyapuri Nagar, 2nd Cross,
Karur -639 002, Tamil Nadu., Tel: 4324-311329, E-mail – camskar@camsonline.com . KASARAGOD : KMC
XXV/88, I, 2nd Floor, Stylo Complex, Above Canara Bank, Bank Road, Kasaragod – 671121. Tel: 04994-224326
KASHIPUR: Dev Bazar, Bazpur Road, Kashipur-244713 Email:camskpv@camsonline.com KATNI: 1st FLOOR,
GURUNANAK DHARMAKANTA, Jabalpur Road, BARGAWAN, KATNI-483 501, Tel: 7622-322104. KATIHAR:
C/o, Rice Education and IT Centre, Near Wireless Gali, Amla Tola Road, Katihar, Bihar – 854105. E-mail -
camskir@camsonline.com KESTOPUR: S.D. Tower, Sreeparna Apartment, AA-101, Prafulla Kannan (West),
Shop No. 1M, Block –C (Ground Floor), Kestopur – 700101, Kolkata. KHAMMAM : Shop No: 11 - 2 - 31/3, 1st
floor, Philips Complex, Balajinagar, Wyra Road, Near Baburao Petrol Bunk, KHAMMAM-507 001, Tel: 8742-
323973. KHARAGPUR: Silver Palace, OT Road, Inda-Kharagpur, G.P-Barakola, P.S- Kharagpur Local –
721305, District West Midnapore, Phone No.: 9800456034. KOLHAPUR: 2 B, 3rd Floor, Ayodhya Towers,
Station Road, Kolhapur-416001, Tel: 0231-3209 356. KOLKATA:CAMS COLLECTION CENTER 3/1, R.N.
Mukherjee Road, 3rd Floor, Office space -3C, “Shreeram Chambers” Kolkata -700 001. KORBA: KH. No.
183/2G, Opposite Blue Diamond The Hotel, T.P. Nagar, Korba, 495677 Chhattisgarh. Phone No: 7759 356037
Email id: camskrba@camsonline.com KOTA: B-33 ‘KalyanBhawan, Triangle Part, Vallabh Nagar, Kota-324007,
Tel: 0744-329 3202. KOTTAYAM: Thamarapallil Building, Door No - XIII/658, M L Road, Near KSRTC Bus Stand
Road, Kottayam – 686001, Phone No.: 9207760018. KRISHNANAGAR: R.N Tagore Road,In front of Kotwali P.
S.,Krishnanagar, Nadia.Pin-741101 KUMBAKONAM: No. 28/8, 1st Floor, Balakrishna Colony, Pachaiappa
Street, Near VPV Lodge, Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu - 612001. Email ID: camskum@camsonline.com Phone
No.: 0435-2403747 KURNOOL: Shop Nos. 26 and 27, Door No. 39/265A and 39/265B, Second Floor, Skanda
Shopping Mall, Old Chad Talkies, Vaddageri,39th Ward, Kurnool - 518001, Andhra Pradesh. Tel: 08518-650391.
KUKATPALLY: No. 15-31-2M-1/4, 1st Floor, 14-A, MIG, KPHB Colony, Kukatpally, Hyderabad – 500072.
LATUR: Shop No. 5 & 6 B2B Elite, Ground Floor, Near Deshikendra School, Signal Camp, Latur, 413512,
Maharashtra. Phone no. 7798557446 Email ID: camslur@camsonline.com. LUCKNOW: Office no,107,1st floor,
Vaishali Arcade Building, Plot no 11, 6 Park Road, Lucknow – 226001, Uttar Pradesh. Phone No: 0522 –
4007938 Email Id: camsluc@camsonline.comLUDHIANA: U/ GF, Prince Market, Green Field, Near Traffic
Lights, Sarabha Nagar Pulli, Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana-141 002, Tel: 0161-301 8000, 301 8001. MADURAI:
Shop No 3, 2nd Floor, Suriya Towers, 272/273 - Goodshed Street, Madurai - 625001. Phone No.: 0452- 4983515
83