--- PAGE 1 ---
Asset Management Company:
SBI Funds Management Ltd.
(A Joint Venture between State Bank of India & AMUNDI)
KEY INFORMATION MEMORANDUM
This product is suitable for Scheme Riskometer Benchmark Riskometer
investors who are seeking*:
• Long term capita l Tier I
appreciation Benchmark i.e. BSE 100 Index
TRI
• Investment in equity and
equity-related instruments of large
cap companies
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Continuous offer for Units at NAV based prices
Name of Mutual Fund: SBI Mutual Fund
Name of Asset Management Company: SBI Funds Management Ltd.(CIN:U65990MH1992PLC065289)
Name of Trustee Company: SBI Mutual Fund Trustee Company Pvt. Ltd.(CIN:U65991MH2003PTC138496)
Addresses, Website of the entities: Registered Office: 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C-38 & 39, G Block, Bandra Kurla
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.
Visit us at www.sbimf.com
This Key Information Memorandum (KIM) sets forth the information, which a prospective investor ought to know before
investing. For further details of the scheme/Mutual Fund, due diligence certificate by the AMC, Key Personnel,
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 1

--- PAGE 2 ---
investors’ rights & services, risk factors, penalties & pending litigations etc. investors should, before investment,
refer to the Scheme Information Document and Statement of Additional Information available free of cost at any
of the Investor Service Centres or distributors or from the website www. www.sbimf.com.
The Scheme particulars have been prepared in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual
Funds) Regulations 1996, as amended till date, and filed with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
The units being offered for public subscription have not been approved or disapproved by SEBI, nor has SEBI
certified the accuracy or adequacy of this KIM.
This Key Information Memorandum is dated October 31st, 2025
Investment The investment objective of the scheme is to provide investors with opportunities for long-term growth
in capital through an active management of investments in a diversified basket of large cap equity stocks
Objective
(as specified by SEBI/AMFI from time to time).
However, there can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved. The
scheme doesn’t assure or guarantee any returns.
Asset Allocation Asset Allocation Pattern of the Scheme
Indicative Allocation
Pattern
Instruments (% of total assets)
Minimum Maximum
Equity and Equity related Instruments of large
80 100
cap companies*(including Derivatives)
Other equities and equity related instruments 0 20
Units issued by REIT/InVIT^ 0 10
Debt instruments (including securitized debt) 0 20
Money market instruments 0 20
• The scheme may engage in stock lending - upto 20% of the net assets of the scheme.
• Exposure to derivatives instruments to the extent of 50% of the Net Assets as permitted by SEBI
• The Scheme may seek investment opportunities in foreign securities including ADRs / GDRs /
Foreign equity
and debt securities subject to the Regulations. Such investment shall not exceed 20% of the net
assets of the
Scheme.
• The scheme may invest in mutual fund units as permissible.
• The Scheme may invest in repo in corporate debt.
*Large Cap Stocks – 1st -100th company in terms of full market capitalization. This will be in
line with
limits/classification defined by AMFI/SEBI from time to time
Other equities could include mid and small cap stocks. Mid Cap:101st to 250th company in terms
of full market capitalization. Small Cap: 251st company onwards in terms of full market
capitalization. The exposure across these stocks will be in line with limits/classification defined
by AMFI/SEBI from time to time.
Pursuant to paragraph 12.19.1.3(c) of SEBI’s Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024, on an ongoing basis the scheme will have an investment headroom of 20% of the average
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 2

--- PAGE 3 ---
AUM in Overseas securities / Overseas ETFs of the previous three calendar months for that month
to invest in Overseas securities / Overseas ETFs subject to maximum limits.
^The exposure will be in line with SEBI/AMFI limits specified from time to time
The above investment pattern is indicative. The fund manager may change this on defensive
considerations, and such changes shall be for short period. The funds raised under the scheme
shall be invested only in transferable securities as per SEBI Regulations, 1996.
The cumulative gross exposure through equity, debt, money market instruments, securitized
debt, fixed income derivatives, repo transactions in corporate debt securities, Real Estate
Investment Trusts (REITs), Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs), other permitted
securities/assets and such other securities/assets as may be permitted by the Board from time to
time should not exceed 100% of the net assets of the scheme in accordance with paragraph 12.24
of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual funds.
However, pursuant to paragraph 12.25 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024and SEBI letter no. SEBI/ HO/ IMD – II/ DOF3 / OW/ P/ 2021/ 31487/ 1 dated November
3, 2021 addressed to AMFI, it has been mentioned that cash or cash equivalents like Governmen
t securities, T-Bills and repo on Government Securities with residual maturity of less than 91 da
ys may be treated as not creating any exposure.
Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI circulars)
Sl. Type of Percentage of exposure Circular references*
no Instrument
1. Securities 1. Not more than 20% of
Lending
the net assets of the
Scheme can generally be
deployed in Stock
Lending.
Para 12.11 of SEBI
2. Not more than 5% of Master Circular dated
the net assets of the June 27, 2024
Scheme can generally be
deployed in Stock
Lending to any single
counter party (as may be
applicable).
2. Equity
Paragraph 12.25 of
Derivatives for
the SEBI Master
hedging and Upto 50%
Circular dated June
non- hedging
27, 2024
purposes
3. Overseas Paragraph 12.19 of
Securities the SEBI Master
including ADRs / Circular for Mutual
GDRs / Foreign
Funds dated June 27,
equity and debt
2024 read with SEBI
securities Upto 20%
Circular No.
SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-
PoD-1/P/CIR/149
dated November 04,
2024
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 3

--- PAGE 4 ---
4. Units of Mutual Scheme may invest in
Funds another scheme under
the same asset
management company or
any other mutual fund
without charging any
fees, provided that
aggregate inter-scheme
Clause 4 of Schedule
investments made by all
7 read with
schemes under the same
Regulation 44(1),
management or in
schemes under the
management of any other
asset management
company shall not
exceed 5% of the net
asset value of the mutual
fund
5. Paragraph 12.18 of
Repo in the SEBI Master
Upto 10%
corporate debt Circular dated June
27, 2024
Portfolio rebalancing
The above investment pattern is indicative and may be changed by the Fund Manager for a short
term period on defensive considerations, keeping in view market conditions, market
opportunities, applicable SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, legislative amendments and
other political and economic factors, the intention being at all times to seek to protect the interests
of the Unit Holders. If the exposure falls outside the above mentioned asset allocation pattern,
the portfolio to be rebalanced by AMC within 30 days from the date of said deviation.
Pursuant to Paragraph 2.9 of Master Circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024 read with
SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/IMD/PoD2/P/CIR/2025/92 dated June 26, 2025 in case the fund
manager for any reason is not able to rebalance the asset allocation due to passive breaches
(occurrence of instances not arising out of omission and commission of AMC) within 30 business
days from the date of deviation, justification in writing, including details of efforts taken to
rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before Investment Committee. The Investment Committee,
if so desires, can extend the timelines up to sixty (60) business days from the date of completion
of mandated rebalancing period. Further, it will follow timelines for rebalancing of portfolios of
Mutual Fund Schemes, reporting & disclosure requirements in pursuant to the Paragraph 2.9.4 of
Master Circular for mutual funds. The funds raised under the scheme shall be invested only in
transferable securities as per Regulation 44(1), Schedule 7 of the SEBI (Mutual Funds)
Regulations, 1996.
There can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved.
Investment The scheme follows a blend of growth and value style of investing. The scheme will follow a
Strategy combination of top down and bottom-up approach to stock-picking and choose companies across
sectors. The scheme will predominantly invest in diversified portfolio of large cap stocks. Large
Cap Stocks are – 1st -100th company in terms of full market capitalization. This will be in line
with limits/classification defined by AMFI/SEBI from time to time.
Derivatives Strategy:
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 4

--- PAGE 5 ---
The Scheme may take exposure to derivatives for hedging and/or non-hedging purpose as
permitted by regulations from time to time. Such exposure to derivative instruments will be in
line with the investment objective and overall strategy of the scheme.
Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as
disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of
the fund manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to
be pursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager may not
always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will be able to identify or
execute such strategies”.
The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the
risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
The scheme will predominantly be actively managed to achieve its investment objective.
Risk Profile of Mutual Fund Units involve investment risks including the possible loss of principal. Please read the SID
the Scheme carefully for details on risk factors before investment. Scheme specific risk factors are summarized below:
SBI Large Cap Fund would be investing in Equity and equity related instruments of large cap companies
(including Derivatives), Other equities and equity related instruments, Units issued by REIT/InVIT,
Foreign securities, Debt instruments (including securitized debt) & Money Market Instruments. The
liquidity of the scheme’s investments is inherently restricted by trading volumes and settlement periods. In
the event of an inordinately large number of redemption requests, or of a restructuring of the scheme’s
investment portfolio, these periods may become significant. In view of the same, the Trustees may limit
redemptions (including suspending redemptions) under certain circumstances as specified in the SID.
The scheme shall be subject to risk associated with equity and equity related instruments, REITs/InVIT,
debt and money market instruments, securitized debt, derivatives, foreign securities and repo transactions
in corporate debt securities. Besides, the scheme is also subjected to risk associated with Liquidity Risk,
Settlement Risk, Stock lending risk & Regulatory Risk associated with securities.
For details on risk factors and risk mitigation measures, please refer SID.
Plans /Options The scheme would have two plans viz Direct Plan & Regular Plan.
Direct Plan:
Direct Plan is only for investors who purchase /subscribe Units in a Scheme directly with the Mutual Fund
or through Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) and is not available for investors who route their
investments through a Distributor. All the features of the Direct Plan under Scheme like the investment
objective, asset allocation pattern, investment strategy, risk factors, facilities offered, load structure etc.
will be the same except for a lower expense ratio as detailed in Section IV – Fees and Expenses – B. –
Annual Recurring Expenses of the SID. Brokerage/Commission paid to distributors will not be paid /
charged under the Direct Plan. Both the plans shall have a common portfolio.
Eligible investors: All categories of investors as permitted under the Scheme Information Document of
the Scheme are eligible to subscribe under Direct Plan.
Modes for applying: Investments under Direct Plan can be made through various modes offered by the
Mutual Fund for investing directly with the Mutual Fund.
How to apply:
Investors desirous of subscribing under Direct Plan of a Scheme will have to ensure to indicate “Direct
Plan” against the Scheme name in the application form.
Investors should also indicate “Direct” in the ARN column of the application form.
Regular Plan
This Plan is for investors who wish to route their investment through any distributor.
The default plan in following cases will be:
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 5

--- PAGE 6 ---
Broker Code mentioned by Plan mentioned by the
Scenario Default Plan to be captured
the investor investor
1 Not mentioned Not mentioned Direct Plan
2 Not mentioned Direct Direct Plan
3 Not mentioned Regular Direct Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Direct Plan
5 Direct Not Mentioned Direct Plan
6 Direct Regular Direct Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Regular Plan
8 Mentioned Not Mentioned Regular Plan
In cases of wrong/ invalid/ incomplete ARN codes mentioned on the application form, the application shall
be processed under Direct Plan.
Options
Both plans provide two options for investment – Growth Option and Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal (IDCW) Option. Under the IDCW option, facility for Payout of Income Distribution cum
capital withdrawal option (IDCW Payout), Reinvestment of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal
option (IDCW Re-investment) & Transfer of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal plan (IDCW
Transfer) is available. Between “Growth” or “IDCW” option, the default will be treated as “Growth”. In
“IDCW” option between “IDCW Payout” or “IDCW Reinvestment” or “IDCW Transfer”, the default will
be treated as “IDCW Payout”.
Investor can select only one option either IDCW payout or IDCW reinvestment or IDCW Transfer in IDCW
plan at a Scheme and folio level. Any subsequent request for change in IDCW option viz. IDCW Payout
to IDCW Reinvestment or IDCW Transfer or vice-versa would be processed at the Folio / Scheme level
and not at individual transaction level. Accordingly, any change in IDCW option (IDCW payout / IDCW
reinvestment/IDCW Transfer) will reflect for all the units held under the scheme / folio.
Note - If the payable IDCW amount is less than or equal to Rs. 500/-, the same will be
compulsorily reinvested in the respective Scheme(s)/Plan(s)/Option(s) irrespective of the IDCW
facility selected by investor. If the IDCW amount payable is greater than Rs. 500/- then it will be
either reinvested or paid as per the mandate selected by the investor.
Applicable For Purchases including Switch-ins (irrespective of application amount):
NAV (after the 1. In respect of valid applications received upto 3.00 p.m. on a Business Day at the official points of
scheme opens acceptance, where funds for the entire amount of subscription/purchase (including switch-ins) are credited
for to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time on the same day i.e. available for utilization
subscriptions before the cut-off time on the same day - the closing NAV of the day shall be applicable.
and
redemptions ) 2. In respect of valid applications received after 3.00 p.m. on a Business Day at the official points of
acceptance, where funds for the entire amount of subscription/purchase (including switch-ins) are credited
to the bank account of the Scheme either on the same day or before the cut-off time of the next Business
Day i.e. available for utilization before the cut-off time of the next Business Day – the closing NAV of the
next Business Day shall be applicable.
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 6

--- PAGE 7 ---
3. Irrespective of the time of receipt of application at the official points of acceptance, where funds for the
entire amount of subscription/purchase (including switch-in) are credited to the bank account of the Scheme
before the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day - i.e. available for utilization before the cut-off
time on any subsequent Business Day - the closing NAV of such subsequent Business Day shall be
applicable.
4. In case of switch transactions from one scheme to another scheme, units allotment in switch-in scheme
shall be in line with the redemption payouts.
The aforesaid provisions shall also apply to systematic transactions including Systematic Investment Plan
(SIP), Systematic Transfer Plan (STP), IDCW Transfer etc. irrespective of the installment date or IDCW
record date.
For Redemptions including switch-out: In respect of valid applications received on a business day, upto
the 3.00 pm by the Mutual Fund, same day’s closing NAV shall be applicable. In respect of valid
applications received after the 3.00 pm by the Mutual Fund, the closing NAV of the next business day shall
be applicable.
Minimum Purchase Additional Purchase Redemption
Application Rs. 5000/- and in multiples of Rs. 1000/- and in multiples of Rs.500/- or 1 Unit or
Amount/ Re. 1 thereafter Re. 1 thereafter account balance
Number of whichever is lower. Please
Units note that as a result of
redemption, if the
outstanding balance
amount falls below the
minimum redemption
amount as per the scheme
features, SBIMF reserves
the right to redeem the
balance units at applicable
repurchase price.
Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI Funds Management Limited in
terms of paragraph 6.10 of the SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024,
requirement for minimum application/ redemption amount will not be applicable
Despatch of Redemption: Under normal circumstances, within 3 working days of the receipt of the redemption
Redemption request at the authorised centre of the SBI Mutual Fund.
Request
Further, in exceptional situations additional timelines in line with AMFI letter no.
AMFI/35P/MEM -COR/74/2022-23 dated January 16, 2023 will be applicable for transfer of
redemption or repurchase proceeds to the unitholders.
Benchmark BSE 100 Index TRI
Index
Dividend The Trustee reserves the right to declare Income Distribution cum Capital withdrawal (IDCW)
Policy (IDCW) under the IDCW option of the Scheme depending on the net distributable surplus available under
the Scheme
The procedure and manner of payment of IDCW shall be in line with Chapter 11 of the SEBI
Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, as amended from time to time.
Investors are requested to note that amounts can be distributed out of investors capital
(Equalization Reserve), which is part of sale price of the unit that represents realized gains.
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 7

--- PAGE 8 ---
Name of the Mr. Saurabh Pant
Fund Manager
Name of the SBI Mutual Fund Trustee Company Private Limited
Trustee
Company
Performance of Scheme Returns Benchmark Scheme Returns Benchmark
the scheme (as % Returns % % Returns %
Compounded
on September SBI Large Cap SBI Large Cap
Annualized
30th 2025) Fund - Regular Fund - Direct
Returns BSE 100 TRI BSE 100 TRI
Plan – Growth Plan – Growth
Option Option
Returns for the (3.77) (4.39) (3.11) (4.39)
last 1 year
Returns for the 14.55 15.15 15.35 15.15
last 3 years
Returns for the 18.93 19.32 19.78 19.32
last 5 years
Returns since 11.92 12.89 15.16 13.61
inception
As scheme benchmark TRI data is not available since inception of the scheme, benchmark performance
is calculated using composite CAGR of S&P BSE 100 PRI values from 14-Feb-06 to 31-Jul-06 and TRI
values since 01-Aug-06. Direct Plan was introduced on January 01, 2013
Date of inception: 14/02/2006
Returns are CAGR calculated for Growth Options.
Absolute Returns for each financial year for the last 5 years
Financial Year Wise Returns
80
70
60
)%50
(
s
n40
r
u
t e30
R
20
10
0
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 FY 2021-22 FY 2020-21
SBI Large Cap Fund - Reg Scheme Benchmark: S&P BSE 100 TRI
SBI Large Cap Fund - Direct
Portfolio 0.58
Turnover ratio
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 8

--- PAGE 9 ---
(As on
September 30th
2025)
Additional Top 10 holdings by issuer & Fund allocation towards various sectors:
Scheme https://www.sbimf.com/sbimf-top-holdings/103
Related
Disclosures
Expenses of the Continuous Offer
scheme Exit Load: For exit within 30 days from the date of allotment - 0.25%; For exit after 30 days and within 90
(i) Load days from the date of allotment - 0.10% For exit after 90 days from the date of allotment - Nil.The AMC
Structure reserves the right to modify / change the load structure on a prospective basis.
Pursuant to SEBI Notification dated December 13, 2018, the maximum total expenses of the
scheme under Regulation 52(6)(c) shall be subject to following limits:
(ii) Recurring
Assets under management Slab (in Rs Crores) Total expense ratio limits
expenses
On the first Rs 500 crores of the daily net assets 2.25%
On the next Rs 250 crores of the daily net assets 2.00%
On the next Rs 1,250 crores of the daily net assets 1.75%
On the next Rs 3,000 crores of the daily net assets 1.60%
On the next Rs 5,000 crores of the daily net assets 1.50%
Total expense ratio reduction
of 0.05% for every increase of
On the next Rs 40,000 crores of the daily net assets
Rs 5000 crores of daily net
assets or part thereof.
On balance of the assets 1.05%
Actual expenses for the previous financial year: March 31,2025:
Scheme Name Regular Plan Direct Plan
SBI Large Cap Fund 1.51 % 0.82 %
For the actual current expenses being charged, the investors should refer
https://www.sbimf.com/en-us/disclosure/total-expense-ratio-of-mutual-fund-schemes
The maximum limit of recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme would be as per
Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulation, 1996. Investors are requested to read “Section-
Annual Scheme Recurring Expenses” in the SID.
Tax treatment Investors will be advised to refer to the details in the Statement of Additional Information & also
for the independently refer to their tax advisor.
Investors
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 9

--- PAGE 10 ---
Daily Net Asset 11.00 p.m. on same business day -
Value (NAV)
10:00 a.m. on following business day – In case the scheme invests in foreign securities
Publication
For Investor Name and Address of Registrar: Computer Age SBI Mutual Fund
Management
Grievances
Services. Ltd., Mr. C. A. Santosh
please
(SEBI Registration No.: INR000002813) (Investor Relations Officer)
Contact
Rayala Towers 158, Anna Salai SBI Funds Management Ltd.
Chennai - 600002 9th Floor, Crescenzo,
Tel No.: (044)28881101/36 C-38 & 39,G Block,
Fax : (044) 30407101 Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Email: enq_sbimf@camsonline.com, Mumbai – 400 051
Website: www.camsonline.com Tel: 022- 61793537
Email: customer.delight@sbimf.com
Unitholders’ Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI Regulation, the following shall be applicable with
Information respect to account statement:
The asset management company shall ensure that consolidated account statement for each
calendar month is issued, on or before fifteenth day of succeeding month, detailing all the
transactions and holding at the end of the month including transaction charges paid to the
distributor, across all schemes of all mutual funds, to all the investors in whose folios
transaction has taken place during that month:
Provided that the asset management company shall ensure that a consolidated account statement
every half yearly (September/March) is issued, on or before twenty first day day of succeeding
month, detailing holding at the end of the six months and commission paid to the distributor,
across all schemes of all mutual funds, to all such investors in whose folios no transaction has
taken place during that period.
Provided further that the asset management company shall identify common investor across
fund houses by their permanent account number for the purposes of sending consolidated
account statement.
• Account Statements for investors holding demat accounts: Subsequent account
statement may be obtained from the depository participants with whom the investor holds the
DP account.
• The asset management company shall issue units in dematerialized form to a unitholder
of the Scheme within two working days of the receipt of request from the unitholder.
In terms of SEBI Circular No. IR/MRD/DP/31/2014 dated November 12, 2014 on Consolidated
Account Statement, investors having Demat account has an option to receive consolidated
account statement:
• Investors having MF investments and holding securities in Demat account shall receive a
single Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) from the Depository.
• Consolidation of account statement shall be done on the basis of Permanent Account Number
(PAN). In case of multiple holding, it shall be PAN of the first holder and pattern of holding.
The CAS shall be generated on a monthly basis.
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 10

--- PAGE 11 ---
• If there is any transaction in any of the Demat accounts of the investor or in any of his mutual
fund folios, depositories shall send the CAS within in subsequent month. In case, there is no
transaction in any of the mutual fund folios and demat accounts then CAS with holding details
shall be sent to the investor on half yearly basis.
• If there is any transaction in any of the Demat accounts of the investor or in any of his mutual
fund folios, depositories shall send the CAS within twelve (12) days from the month end and
to investors that have opted for delivery via physical mode, within fifteen (15) days from the
month end w.e.f May 14, 2025 pursuant to SEBI Circular No.
SEBI/HO/MRD/PoD1/CIR/P/2025/16 dated February 14, 2025. In case, there is no
transaction in any of the mutual fund folios and demat accounts then CAS with holding details
shall be sent to the investor on half yearly basis. The depositories shall dispatch the CAS to
investors that have opted for e-CAS on or before the eighteenth (18th) day of April and
October and to investors that have opted for delivery via physical mode by the twenty first
(21st) day of April and October.
• In case an investor has multiple accounts across two depositories, the depository with whom
the account has been opened earlier will be the default depository.
The half yearly portfolio of scheme (along with the ISIN) shall be disclosed within 10 days
from close of each half year on the Website of the Mutual Fund (www.sbimf.com) and on the
Website of AMFI (www.amfiindia.com). Also, the Fund shall email the half yearly portfolio to
the unitholders whose email address is registered with the Fund within 10 days from close of
each half year. The AMC shall publish an advertisement in all India edition of at least two daily
newspapers, one each in English and Hindi, every half year disclosing the hosting of the half-
yearly statement of the schemes portfolio on the Website of the Mutual Fund and on the
Website of AMFI and shall also specify the modes through which a written request can be
submitted by the unitholder for obtaining a copy of the statement of scheme portfolio. Further,
before expiry of one month from the close of each half year i.e. on March 31 or September 30,
the Fund shall host a soft copy of half – yearly unaudited financial results on the website of the
Fund and that of AMFI. A notice shall be published disclosing the hosting of such financial
results on the website of the mutual fund, in atleast one English daily newspaper having
nationwide circulation and in a newspaper having wide circulation published in the language of
the region where the Head Office of the mutual fund is situated.
KIM – SBI Large Cap Fund Page 11