--- PAGE 1 ---
Asset Management Company:
SBI Funds Management Ltd.
(A Joint Venture between State Bank of India & AMUNDI)
KEY INFORMATION MEMORANDUM
This product is suitable for Scheme Riskometer Benchmark Riskometer
investors who are seeking*:
• Long term capita l Tier I
appreciation Benchmark i.e. BSE 500 TRI
• Investment in diversified
basket of equity stocks
spanning the entire market
capitalization spectrum to
provide both long term
growth opportunities and
liquidity
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Continuous offer for Units at NAV based prices
Name of Mutual Fund: SBI Mutual Fund
Name of Asset Management Company: SBI Funds Management Ltd.(CIN:U65990MH1992PLC065289)
Name of Trustee Company: SBI Mutual Fund Trustee Company Pvt. Ltd.(CIN:U65991MH2003PTC138496)
Addresses, Website of the entities: Registered Office: 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C-38 & 39, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.
Visit us at www.sbimf.com
This Key Information Memorandum (KIM) sets forth the information, which a prospective investor ought to know before
investing. For further details of the scheme/Mutual Fund, due diligence certificate by the AMC, Key Personnel,
investors’ rights & services, risk factors, penalties & pending litigations etc. investors should, before investment,
refer to the Scheme Information Document and Statement of Additional Information available free of cost at any of
the Investor Service Centres or distributors or from the website www. www.sbimf.com.
The Scheme particulars have been prepared in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual
Funds) Regulations 1996, as amended till date, and filed with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The
units being offered for public subscription have not been approved or disapproved by SEBI, nor has SEBI certified
the accuracy or adequacy of this KIM.
This Key Information Memorandum is dated October 31, 2025
Page 1
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 2 ---
Investment The investment objective of the scheme is to provide investors with opportunities for long-term
Objective growth in capital along with the liquidity of an open ended scheme through an active
management of investments in a diversified basket of equity stocks spanning the entire market
capitalization spectrum and in debt and money market instruments.
However, there is no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved.
The scheme doesn’t assure or guarantee any returns.
Asset Allocation The funds collected under the scheme shall generally be invested consistent with the objective
Pattern of the scheme in the following manner:
Indicative allocations (% of total assets)
Instruments
Minimum Maximum
Equity and equity related
instruments (including 65 100
derivatives)
Units issued by 10
0
REIT/InVIT*
Debt instruments (including
securitized debt^, structured 35
0
obligations and credit
enhancements#)
Money market 35
0
instruments**
*The exposure will be in line with SEBI/AMFI limits specified from time to time
^ The exposure shall not exceed 50% of debt portfolio of the scheme
# The exposure shall not exceed 10% of the debt portfolio of the scheme and the group
exposure shall not exceed 5% of the debt portfolio of the scheme and will be in line with
SEBI/AMFI limits specified from time to time
• The scheme may engage in stock lending - upto 20% of the net assets of the scheme
• Exposure to derivatives instruments (including writing covered call options) to the extent
of 50% of the Net Assets as permitted by SEBI.
• The Scheme may seek investment opportunities in foreign securities including ADRs /
GDRs / Foreign equity, overseas ETFs and debt securities subject to the Regulations. Such
investment shall not exceed 35% of the net assets of the Scheme.
• The Scheme may invest in repo in corporate debt upto 10% of the net assets of the Scheme
and will be in line with SEBI/AMFI limits specified from time to time.
• The scheme may invest in Mutual Fund units including ETFs to the extent of 35% of net
assets.
This investment is subject to prevailing regulatory limits of aggregate inter-scheme
investment made by all schemes under the same management or in schemes under the
management of any other asset management company which shall not exceed 5% of the net
asset value of the mutual fund.
**Money Market Instruments will include Commercial Paper, Certificates of Deposit,
Treasury Bills, Bills Rediscounting, Repos, short term bank deposits, short-term
Government securities (of maturities less than 1 year) and any other such short-term
instruments as may be allowed under the regulations prevailing from time to time.
The investments may be made in primary as well as secondary markets. The portfolio will be
sufficiently diversified so as to reduce the risk of underperformance due to unexpected security
specific factors. If allowed in future, the fund may invest in foreign equities (subject to relevant
RBI guidelines and subject to RBI approval).
The above investment pattern is indicative. The fund manager may change this on defensive
considerations, and such changes shall be for short period. The funds raised under the scheme
shall be invested only in transferable securities as per SEBI Regulations, 1996.
Page 2
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 3 ---
Pursuant to paragraph 12.19.1.3(c) of SEBI’s Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024, on an ongoing basis the scheme will have an investment headroom of 20% of the average
AUM in Overseas securities / Overseas ETFs of the previous three calendar months for that
month to invest in Overseas securities / Overseas ETFs subject to maximum limits.
The cumulative gross exposure through equity, debt, derivative positions (including commodity
and fixed income derivatives), repo transactions and credit default swaps in corporate debt
securities, Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs),
other permitted securities/assets and such other securities/assets as may be permitted by the
Board from time to time should not exceed 100% of the net assets of the scheme in accordance
with paragraph 12.24 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual funds.
However, pursuant to paragraph 12.25 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024 and SEBI letter no. SEBI/ HO/ IMD – II/ DOF3 / OW/ P/ 2021/ 31487/ 1 dated Novembe
r 3, 2021 addressed to AMFI, it has been mentioned that cash or cash equivalents like Governm
ent securities, T-Bills and repo on Government Securities with residual maturity of less than 91
days may be treated as not creating any exposure.
Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI circulars)
Sl. no Type of Instrument Percentage of exposure Circular references*
1. Securitized debt The exposure shall not Clause 12.15 of SEBI
exceed 50% of debt Master Circular dated
portfolio of the scheme June 27, 2024
2. Structured The exposure shall not Chapter 12 of the master
obligations and credit exceed 10% of the debt circular dated June 27,
enhancements portfolio of the scheme and 2024
the group exposure shall
not exceed 5% of the debt
portfolio of the scheme and
will be in line with
SEBI/AMFI limits
specified from time to time.
3 Stock Lending The Scheme shall adhere to Regulation 44(4) of
the following limits should SEBI Mutual Fund
it engage in Stock Lending. Regulations 1996 read
with Para 12.11 of the
1. Not more than 20% of SEBI Master Circular
the net assets of the for Mutual Funds dated
Scheme can generally be June 27th 2024
deployed in Stock Lending.
2. Not more than 5% of the
net assets of the Scheme
can generally be deployed
in Stock Lending to any
single counter party (as
may be applicable).
4 Derivatives 50% of the Net Assets Para no. 12.25 of SEBI
Master Circular
5 Foreign securities Not exceed 35% of the net Para 12.19.3.3 of the
including ADRs / assets of the Scheme SEBI Master Circular
GDRs / Foreign for Mutual Funds
equity, overseas
Page 3
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 4 ---
ETFs and debt
securities
6 Repo in Corporate Upto 10% Para 12.18.1.1 of the
Debt SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds
7 Mutual Fund units To the extent of 35% of net Clause 4 of Schedule 7
including ETFs assets. This investment is read with Regulation
subject to prevailing 44(1)
regulatory limits of
aggregate inter-scheme
investment made by all
schemes under the same
management or in schemes
under the management of
any other asset
management company
which shall not exceed 5%
of the net asset value of the
mutual fund.
Portfolio rebalancing
The above investment pattern is indicative and may be changed by the Fund Manager for a short
term period on defensive considerations, keeping in view market conditions, market
opportunities, applicable SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, legislative amendments and
other political and economic factors, the intention being at all times to seek to protect the
interests of the Unit Holders. If the exposure falls outside the above mentioned asset allocation
pattern, the portfolio to be rebalanced by AMC within 30 days from the date of said deviation.
Pursuant to Paragraph 2.9 of Master Circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024 read with
SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/IMD/PoD2/P/CIR/2025/92 dated June 26, 2025 in case the fund
manager for any reason is not able to rebalance the asset allocation due to passive breaches
(occurrence of instances not arising out of omission and commission of AMC) within 30
business days from the date of deviation, justification in writing, including details of efforts
taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before Investment Committee. The Investment
Committee, if so desires, can extend the timelines up to sixty (60) business days from the date
of completion of mandated rebalancing period. Further, it will follow timelines for rebalancing
of portfolios of Mutual Fund Schemes, reporting & disclosure requirements in pursuant to the
Paragraph 2.9.4 of Master Circular for mutual funds. The funds raised under the scheme shall
be invested only in transferable securities as per Regulation 44(1), Schedule 7 of the SEBI
(Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996.
There can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved.
Investment Strategy The scheme will follow a bottom-up approach to stock-picking and choose companies across
sectors/styles. The scheme will invest in diversified portfolio of stocks across market
capitalization. Large Cap Stocks – 1st -100th company in terms of full market capitalization.
Mid Cap:101st to 250th company in terms of full market capitalization. Small Cap: 251st
company onwards in terms of full market capitalization. The exposure across these stocks will
be in line with limits/classification defined by AMFI/SEBI from time to time.
Derivatives Strategy:
Page 4
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 5 ---
The Scheme may take exposure to derivatives for hedging and/or non-hedging purpose as
permitted by regulations from time to time. Such exposure to derivative instruments will be in
line with the investment objective and overall strategy of the scheme.
Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as
disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of
the fund manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to
be pursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager may not
always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will be able to identify
or execute such strategies”.
The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the
risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
The scheme will predominantly be actively managed to achieve its investment objective.
Risk Profile of the Mutual Fund Units involve investment risks including the possible loss of principal. Please read
Scheme the SID carefully for details on risk factors before investment. Scheme specific risk factors are
summarized below:
SBI Flexicap Fund would be investing in Equity and equity related instruments (including
derivatives), Units issued by REIT/InVIT, foreign securities, Debt instruments (including
securitized debt, structured obligations and credit enhancements), repo in corporate debt
securities, Money Market Instruments. The liquidity of the scheme’s investments is inherently
restricted by trading volumes and settlement periods. In the event of an inordinately large
number of redemption requests, or of a restructuring of the scheme’s investment portfolio, these
periods may become significant. In view of the same, the Trustees may limit redemptions
(including suspending redemptions) under certain circumstances as specified in SID.
The scheme shall be subject to risk associated with equity and equity related instruments,
REITs/InVIT, Debt instruments (including securitized debt, structured obligations and credit
enhancements), and money market instruments, derivatives, foreign securities, segregated
portfolio, writing covered call options for equity shares and repo transactions in corporate debt
securities. Besides, the scheme is also subjected to risk associated with Liquidity Risk, interest
rate risk, credit Risk, Stock lending risk, reinvestment risk etc. associated with securities.
For details on risk factors and risk mitigation measures, please refer SID.
Plans /Options The scheme would have two plans viz Direct Plan & Regular Plan.
Direct Plan:
Direct Plan is only for investors who purchase /subscribe Units in a Scheme directly with the Mutual
Fund or through Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) and is not available for investors who route
their investments through a Distributor. All the features of the Direct Plan under Scheme like the
investment objective, asset allocation pattern, investment strategy, risk factors, facilities offered, load
structure etc. will be the same except for a lower expense ratio as detailed in Section IV – Fees and
Expenses – B. – Annual Recurring Expenses of the SID. Brokerage/Commission paid to distributors
will not be paid / charged under the Direct Plan. Both the plans shall have a common portfolio.
Eligible investors: All categories of investors as permitted under the Scheme Information Document
of the Scheme are eligible to subscribe under Direct Plan.
Modes for applying: Investments under Direct Plan can be made through various modes offered by
the Mutual Fund for investing directly with the Mutual Fund
How to apply:
Investors desirous of subscribing under Direct Plan of a Scheme will have to ensure to indicate “Direct
Plan” against the Scheme name in the application form.
Investors should also indicate “Direct” in the ARN column of the application form.
Regular Plan
This Plan is for investors who wish to route their investment through any distributor.
Page 5
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 6 ---
The default plan in following cases will be:
Broker Code mentioned Plan mentioned by the Default Plan to be
Scenario
by the investor investor captured
1 Not mentioned Not mentioned Direct Plan
2 Not mentioned Direct Direct Plan
3 Not mentioned Regular Direct Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Direct Plan
5 Direct Not Mentioned Direct Plan
6 Direct Regular Direct Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Regular Plan
8 Mentioned Not Mentioned Regular Plan
In cases of wrong/ invalid/ incomplete ARN codes mentioned on the application form, the application
shall be processed under Direct Plan.
Options
Both plans provide two options for investment – Growth Option and Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal (IDCW) Option. Under the IDCW option, facility for Payout of Income Distribution cum
capital withdrawal option (IDCW Payout), Reinvestment of Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal option (IDCW Re-investment) & Transfer of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal
plan (IDCW Transfer) is available. Between “Growth” or “IDCW ” option, the default will be treated
as “Growth”. In “IDCW” option between “IDCW Payout” or “IDCW Reinvestment” or “IDCW
Transfer”, the default will be treated as “IDCW Payout”.
Investor can select only one option either IDCW payout or IDCW reinvestment or IDCW Transfer in
IDCW plan at a Scheme and folio level. Any subsequent request for change in IDCW option viz.
IDCW Payout to IDCW Reinvestment or IDCW Transfer or vice-versa would be processed at the Folio
/ Scheme level and not at individual transaction level. Accordingly, any change in IDCW option
(IDCW payout / IDCW reinvestment/IDCW Transfer) will reflect for all the units held under the
scheme / folio.
Note - If the payable IDCW amount is less than or equal to Rs. 500/-, the same will be compulsorily
reinvested in the respective Scheme(s)/Plan(s)/Option(s) irrespective of the IDCW facility selected by
investor. If the IDCW amount payable is greater than Rs. 500/- then it will be either reinvested or paid
as per the mandate selected by the investor.
Applicable For Purchases including Switch-ins (irrespective of application amount):
NAV (after the 1. In respect of valid applications received upto 3.00 p.m. on a Business Day at the official points of
scheme opens acceptance, where funds for the entire amount of subscription/purchase (including switch-ins) are
for credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time on the same day i.e. available for
subscriptions utilization before the cut-off time on the same day - the closing NAV of the day shall be applicable.
Page 6
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 7 ---
and 2. In respect of valid applications received after 3.00 p.m. on a Business Day at the official points of
redemptions) acceptance, where funds for the entire amount of subscription/purchase (including switch-ins) are
credited to the bank account of the Scheme either on the same day or before the cut-off time of the next
Business Day i.e. available for utilization before the cut-off time of the next Business Day – the closing
NAV of the next Business Day shall be applicable.
3. Irrespective of the time of receipt of application at the official points of acceptance, where funds for
the entire amount of subscription/purchase (including switch-in) are credited to the bank account of
the Scheme before the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day - i.e. available for utilization
before the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day - the closing NAV of such subsequent Business
Day shall be applicable.
4. In case of switch transactions from one scheme to another scheme, units allotment in switch-in
scheme shall be in line with the redemption payouts.
The aforesaid provisions shall also apply to systematic transactions including Systematic Investment
Plan (SIP), Systematic Transfer Plan (STP), IDCW Transfer etc. irrespective of the installment date or
IDCW record date.
For Redemptions including switch-out: In respect of valid applications received on a business day,
upto the 3.00 pm by the Mutual Fund, same day’s closing NAV shall be applicable. In respect of valid
applications received after the 3.00 pm by the Mutual Fund, the closing NAV of the next business day
shall be applicable.
Minimum Purchase Additional Purchase Additional Purchase
Application Rs. 5000/- and in multiples of Re. Rs. 1000/- and in multiples of Rs.500/- or 1 Unit or account
Amount/ 1 thereafter Re. 1 thereafter balance whichever is lower.
Number of Please note that as a result of
Units redemption, if the outstanding
balance amount falls below the
minimum redemption amount
as per the scheme features,
SBIMF reserves the right to
redeem the balance units at
applicable repurchase price.
Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI Funds Management Limited in terms
of paragraph 6.10 of the SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, requirement for
minimum application/ redemption amount will not be applicable
Despatch of Redemption: Under normal circumstances, within 3 working days of the receipt of the redemption
Redemption request at the authorised centre of the SBI Mutual Fund.
Request
Further, in exceptional situations additional timelines in line with AMFI letter no. AMFI/35P/MEM -
COR/74/2022-23 dated January 16, 2023 will be applicable for transfer of redemption or repurchase
proceeds to the unitholders.
First Tier BSE 500 TRI
Benchmark
Index
Page 7
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 8 ---
Dividend The Trustee reserves the right to declare Income Distribution cum Capital withdrawal (IDCW) under
Policy (IDCW) the IDCW option of the Scheme depending on the net distributable surplus available under the Scheme
The procedure and manner of payment of IDCW shall be in line with Chapter 11 of the SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, as amended from time to time.
Investors are requested to note that amounts can be distributed out of investors capital (Equalization
Reserve), which is part of sale price of the unit that represents realized gains.
Name of the Mr. Dinesh Balachandran
Fund Mr. Anup Upadhyay
Manager
Name of the SBI Mutual Fund Trustee Company Private Limited
Trustee
Company
Performance
of the scheme
Scheme Returns Benchmark Scheme Returns Benchmark
(as on
% Returns % % Returns %
September 30st
Compounded SBI Flexicap
2025) SBI Flexicap
Annualized Returns Fund - Regular
BSE 500 TRI Fund - Direct Plan BSE 500 TRI
Plan – Growth
– Growth Option
Option
Returns for the last
1 year (5.20) (5.50) (4.42) (5.50)
Returns for the last
3 years 13.24 16.12 14.20 16.12
Returns for the last
5 years 18.34 20.66 19.39 20.66
Returns since
inception 12.64 13.68 15.63 14.22
Inception Date: 29th Sep 2005. Direct Plan was introduced on January 01, 2013
As scheme benchmark TRI data is not available since inception of the scheme, benchmark performance
is calculated using composite CAGR of S&P BSE 500 PRI values from 29-Sep-05 to 31-Jul-06 and
TRI values since 01-Aug-06
Returns are CAGR calculated for Growth Options.
Absolute Returns for each financial year for the last 5 years
Page 8
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 9 ---
Financial Year Wise Returns
90
80
70
)%
60
(50
s
n
r
40
u t
e
30
R20
10
0
-10
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 FY 2021-22 FY 2020-21
SBI Flexicap Fund - Reg Scheme Benchmark: BSE 500 TRI
SBI Flexicap Fund - Direct
Additional Top 10 holdings by issuer & Fund allocation towards various sectors:
Scheme https://www.sbimf.com/sbimf-top-holdings/099
Related
Portfolio Turnover Ratio:
Disclosures (as
0.84
on September
30, 2025)
Expenses of Continuous Offer
the scheme
(i) Load Exit Load: For exit on or before 30 days from the date of allotment - 0.10%
Structure For exit after 30 days from the date of allotment- Nil
The AMC reserves the right to modify / change the load structure on a prospective basis.
(ii) Recurrin Pursuant to SEBI Notification dated December 13, 2018, the maximum total expenses of the scheme
under Regulation 52(6)(c) shall be subject to following limits:
g
expenses
Assets under management Slab (in Rs Total expense ratio limits
Crores)
On the first Rs 500 crores of the daily net
2.25%
assets
On the next Rs 250 crores of the daily net
2.00%
assets
On the next Rs 1,250 crores of the daily net
1.75%
assets
On the next Rs 3,000 crores of the daily net
1.60%
assets
Page 9
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 10 ---
On the next Rs 5,000 crores of the daily net
1.50%
assets
On the next Rs 40,000 crores of the daily net Total expense ratio
assets reduction of 0.05% for
every increase of Rs 5000
crores of daily net assets or
part thereof.
On balance of the assets 1.05%
Actual expenses for the previous financial year: March 31,2025:
Scheme Name Regular Plan Direct Plan
SBI Flexicap Fund 1.67% 0.84%
For the actual current expenses being charged, the investors should refer https://www.sbimf.com/en-
us/disclosure/total-expense-ratio-of-mutual-fund-schemes
The maximum limit of recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme would be as per
Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulation, 1996. Investors are requested to read “Section- Annual
Scheme Recurring Expenses” in the SID.
Tax treatment Investors are advised to refer to the clause on Taxation in the Statement of Additional Information and
for the also independently refer to their tax advisor.
Investors
(Unitholders)
Daily Net 11.00 p.m. on same business day -
Asset Value
10:00 a.m. on following business day – In case the scheme invests in foreign securities
(NAV)
Publication
For Investor Name and Address of Registrar: Computer Age SBI Mutual Fund
Grievances Management
Services. Ltd., Mr. C. A. Santosh
please contact
(SEBI Registration No.: INR000002813) (Investor Relations Officer)
Rayala Towers 158, Anna Salai SBI Funds Management Ltd.
Chennai - 600002 9th Floor, Crescenzo,
Tel No.: (044)28881101/36 C-38 & 39,G Block,
Fax : (044) 30407101 Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Email: enq_sbimf@camsonline.com, Mumbai – 400 051
Website: www.camsonline.com Tel: 022- 61793537
Email: customer.delight@sbimf.com
Unitholders’ Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI Regulation, the following shall be applicable with respect to
Information account statement:
The asset management company shall ensure that consolidated account statement for each calendar
month is issued, on or before fifteenth day of succeeding month, detailing all the transactions and
holding at the end of the month including transaction charges paid to the distributor, across all schemes
of all mutual funds, to all the investors in whose folios transaction has taken place during that month:
Provided that the asset management company shall ensure that a consolidated account statement every
half yearly (September/March) is issued, on or before twenty first day day of succeeding month,
detailing holding at the end of the six months and commission paid to the distributor, across all schemes
Page 10
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund

--- PAGE 11 ---
of all mutual funds, to all such investors in whose folios no transaction has taken place during that
period.
Provided further that the asset management company shall identify common investor across fund
houses by their permanent account number for the purposes of sending consolidated account statement.
• Account Statements for investors holding demat accounts: Subsequent account statement may be
obtained from the depository participants with whom the investor holds the DP account.
• The asset management company shall issue units in dematerialized form to a unitholder of the Scheme
within two working days of the receipt of request from the unitholder.
In terms of SEBI Circular No. IR/MRD/DP/31/2014 dated November 12, 2014 on Consolidated
Account Statement, investors having Demat account has an option to receive consolidated account
statement:
• Investors having MF investments and holding securities in Demat account shall receive a single
Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) from the Depository.
• Consolidation of account statement shall be done on the basis of Permanent Account Number (PAN).
In case of multiple holding, it shall be PAN of the first holder and pattern of holding. The CAS shall
be generated on a monthly basis.
• If there is any transaction in any of the Demat accounts of the investor or in any of his mutual fund
folios, depositories shall send the CAS within twelve (12) days from the month end and to investors
that have opted for delivery via physical mode, within fifteen (15) days from the month end w.e.f May
14, 2025 pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MRD/PoD1/CIR/P/2025/16 dated February 14,
2025. In case, there is no transaction in any of the mutual fund folios and demat accounts then CAS
with holding details shall be sent to the investor on half yearly basis. The depositories shall dispatch
the CAS to investors that have opted for e-CAS on or before the eighteenth (18th) day of April and
October and to investors that have opted for delivery via physical mode by the twenty first (21st) day
of April and October.
• In case an investor has multiple accounts across two depositories, the depository with whom the
account has been opened earlier will be the default depository.
The half yearly portfolio of scheme (along with the ISIN) shall be disclosed within 10 days from close
of each half year on the Website of the Mutual Fund (www.sbimf.com) and on the Website of AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com). Also, the Fund shall email the half yearly portfolio to the unitholders whose
email address is registered with the Fund within 10 days from close of each half year. The AMC shall
publish an advertisement in all India edition of at least two daily newspapers, one each in English and
Hindi, every half year disclosing the hosting of the half-yearly statement of the schemes portfolio on
the Website of the Mutual Fund and on the Website of AMFI and shall also specify the modes through
which a written request can be submitted by the unitholder for obtaining a copy of the statement of
scheme portfolio. Further, before expiry of one month from the close of each half year i.e. on March
31 or September 30, the Fund shall host a soft copy of half – yearly unaudited financial results on the
website of the Fund and that of AMFI. A notice shall be published disclosing the hosting of such
financial results on the website of the mutual fund, in atleast one English daily newspaper having
nationwide circulation and in a newspaper having wide circulation published in the language of the
region where the Head Office of the mutual fund is situated.
Page 11
KIM – SBI Flexicap Fund