--- PAGE 1 ---
Asset Management Company:
SBI Funds Management Ltd.
(A Joint Venture between State Bank of India & AMUNDI)
KEY INFORMATION MEMORANDUM
SBI ELSS TAX SAVER FUND (PREVIOUSLY KNOWN AS SBI LONG TERM EQUITY FUND)
This product is suitable for Scheme Riskometer Benchmark Riskometer
investors who are seeking*:
• Long term capita l Tier I
appreciation Benchmark i.e. BSE 500 TRI Index
• Investment in a portfolio
of equity shares, while
offering deduction under
section 80C of Income-
tax Act, 1961
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Continuous offer for Units at NAV based prices
Name of Mutual Fund: SBI Mutual Fund
Name of Asset Management Company: SBI Funds Management Ltd.(CIN:U65990MH1992PLC065289)
Name of Trustee Company: SBI Mutual Fund Trustee Company Pvt. Ltd.(CIN:U65991MH2003PTC138496)
Addresses, Website of the entities: Registered Office: 9th Floor, Crescenzo, C-38 & 39, G Block, Bandra Kurla
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.
Visit us at www.sbimf.com
This Key Information Memorandum (KIM) sets forth the information, which a prospective investor ought to know
before investing. For further details of the scheme/Mutual Fund, due diligence certificate by the AMC, Key
Personnel, investors’ rights & services, risk factors, penalties & pending litigations etc. investors should, before
investment, refer to the Scheme Information Document and Statement of Additional Information available free of
cost at any of the Investor Service Centres or distributors or from the website www. www.sbimf.com.
The Scheme particulars have been prepared in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual
1

--- PAGE 2 ---
Funds) Regulations 1996, as amended till date, and filed with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The
units being offered for public subscription have not been approved or disapproved by SEBI, nor has SEBI certified
the accuracy or adequacy of this KIM.
This Key Information Memorandum is dated October 31st, 2025
Investment The prime objective of scheme is to deliver the benefit of investment in a portfolio of equity shares,
Objective while offering deduction on such investments made in the scheme under section 80C of the Income-
tax Act, 1961. It also seeks to distribute income periodically depending on distributable surplus.
Investments in this scheme would be subject to a statutory lock-in of 3 years from the date of
allotment to avail Section 80C benefits. The scheme doesn’t assure or guarantee any returns.
Asset Asset Allocation Pattern of the Scheme
Allocation Normal Allocation
Pattern & Instruments (% of total assets)
Investment Minimum Maximum
Strategies Equity/Cumulative Convertible Preference
Shares / Fully Convertible Debentures and 80% 100%
Bonds*
Money market instruments** 0%
20%
*Investment shall also be made in Partly Convertible Debentures (PCDs) and bonds including those
issued on rights basis subject to the condition that as far as possible the non-convertible portion of
the debentures so acquired or subscribed shall be divested within a period of 12 months. The balance
funds shall be invested in short term money market instruments or other liquid instruments or both.
The investment process as above will be completed within six months. In the interim period the funds
will be invested in short term money market instruments or other liquid instruments or both. After
6 months from the closure of the scheme, the fund may invest an amount not exceeding 15% of the
resources mobilised in money market and other liquid instruments could go upto 20% of the net
assets of the scheme.
**Money Market Instruments will include Commercial Paper, Certificates of Deposit, Treasury Bills,
Bills Rediscounting, Repos, short term bank deposits, short-term Government securities (of
maturities less than 1 year) and any other such short term instruments as may be allowed under the
regulations prevailing from time to time.
The Scheme may invest in derivatives (equity as well as debt) and Securitized Debt, as and when,
permitted by ELSS /SEBI Guidelines.
The investments may be made in primary as well as secondary markets. The portfolio will be
sufficiently diversified so as to reduce the risk of underperformance due to unexpected security
specific factors. If allowed in future, the fund may invest in foreign equities (subject to relevant RBI
guidelines and subject to RBI approval).
Investment in FCDs & PCDs will be in securities rated as investment grade by a credit rating agency
authorised to carry out such activity under the SEBI Act, 1992. In case a debt instrument is not rated,
Mutual Funds may constitute committees who can approve such proposals for investments in
unrated instruments subject to the approval of the detailed parameters for such investments by the
Board of Directors of SBIFMPL and SBIMFTCPL. The Scheme being open ended, some portion of the
2

--- PAGE 3 ---
portfolio will be invested in highly liquid money market instruments or government paper so as to
meet the normal repurchase requirements. The remaining investments will be made in securities
which are either expected to be reasonably liquid or of varying maturities. However, the NAV of the
Scheme may be impacted if the securities invested in are rendered illiquid after investment.
The cumulative gross exposure through equity, debt, derivative positions (including commodity and
fixed income derivatives), repo transactions and credit default swaps in corporate debt securities,
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs), other permitted
securities/assets and such other securities/assets as may be permitted by the Board from time to
time should not exceed 100% of the net assets of the scheme in accordance with paragraph 12.24 of
SEBI Master Circular for Mutual funds.
However, pursuant to paragraph 12.25 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024
and SEBI letter no. SEBI/ HO/ IMD – II/ DOF3 / OW/ P/ 2021/ 31487/ 1 dated November 3, 2021 add
ressed to AMFI, it has been mentioned that cash or cash equivalents like Government securities, T-B
ills and repo on Government Securities with residual maturity of less than 91 days may be treated as
not creating any exposure.
Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI circulars)
Portfolio rebalancing
The above investment pattern is indicative and may be changed by the Fund Manager for a short
term period on defensive considerations, keeping in view market conditions, market opportunities,
applicable SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, legislative amendments and other political and
economic factors, the intention being at all times to seek to protect the interests of the Unit Holders.
If the exposure falls outside the above mentioned asset allocation pattern, the portfolio to be
rebalanced by AMC within 30 days from the date of said deviation.
Pursuant to Paragraph 2.9 of Master Circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024 read with SEBI
circular no. SEBI/HO/IMD/PoD2/P/CIR/2025/92 dated June 26, 2025 in case the fund manager for
any reason is not able to rebalance the asset allocation due to passive breaches (occurrence of
instances not arising out of omission and commission of AMC) within 30 business days from the date
of deviation, justification in writing, including details of efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall
be placed before Investment Committee. The Investment Committee, if so desires, can extend the
timelines up to sixty (60) business days from the date of completion of mandated rebalancing period.
Further, it will follow timelines for rebalancing of portfolios of Mutual Fund Schemes, reporting &
disclosure requirements in pursuant to the Paragraph 2.9.4 of Master Circular for mutual funds. The
funds raised under the scheme shall be invested only in transferable securities as per Regulation
44(1), Schedule 7 of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996.
There can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved.
Risk Profile of Mutual Fund Units involve investment risks including the possible loss of principal. Please read the
the Scheme SID carefully for details on risk factors before investment. Scheme specific risk factors are
summarized below:
SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund (previously known as SBI Long Term Equity Fund) will be investing in equity
& equity related instruments, derivatives as also debt instruments, and money market instruments
(such as call money market, term/notice money market, repos, reverse repos and any alternative to
the call money market as may be directed by the RBI). The liquidity of the scheme’s investments is
inherently restricted by trading volumes and settlement periods. In the event of an inordinately large
number of redemption requests, or of a restructuring of the scheme’s investment portfolio, these
periods may become significant.
3

--- PAGE 4 ---
For details on risk factors and risk mitigation measures, please refer SID.
Investment The scheme will invest in a diversified range of stocks. The fund manager would use a bottom-up
Strategy analysis focused on a mix of fundamental factors as well as other parameters such as valuations,
management quality etc. The stocks in the portfolio are carefully analysed to include companies with
robust business models and sustainable competitive advantages compared to their competitors. The
fund will be sector- and market-cap agnostic.
Derivatives Strategy:
The Scheme may take exposure to derivatives for hedging and/or non-hedging purpose as permitted
by regulations from time to time. Such exposure to derivative instruments will be in line with the
investment objective and overall strategy of the scheme.
Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as
disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the
fund manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be
pursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager may not always be
profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will be able to identify or execute such
strategies”.
The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the risks
associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
The scheme will predominantly be actively managed to achieve its investment objective.
Plans The scheme would have two plans viz Direct Plan & Regular Plan.
/Options Direct Plan:
Direct Plan is only for investors who purchase /subscribe Units in a Scheme directly with the Mutual
Fund and is not available for investors who route their investments through a Distributor. All the
features of the Direct Plan under Scheme like the investment objective, asset allocation pattern,
investment strategy, risk factors, facilities offered, load structure etc. will be the same except for a
lower expense ratio as detailed in Section IV – Fees and Expenses – B. – Annual Recurring Expenses
of the SID. Brokerage/Commission paid to distributors will not be paid / charged under the Direct
Plan. Both the plans shall have a common portfolio.
Eligible investors: All categories of investors as permitted under the Scheme Information Document
of the Scheme are eligible to subscribe under Direct Plan.
Modes for applying: Investments under Direct Plan can be made through various modes offered by
the Mutual Fund for investing directly with the Mutual Fund [except through Stock Exchange
Platforms for Mutual Funds and all other Platform(s) where investors’ applications for subscription
of units are routed through Distributors].
How to apply:
Investors desirous of subscribing under Direct Plan of a Scheme will have to ensure to indicate “Direct
Plan” against the Scheme name in the application form.
Investors should also indicate “Direct” in the ARN column of the application form.
Regular Plan
This Plan is for investors who wish to route their investment through any distributor.
The default plan in following cases will be:
4

--- PAGE 5 ---
Broker Code mentioned Plan mentioned by the Default Plan to be
Scenario
by the investor investor captured
1 Not mentioned Not mentioned Direct Plan
2 Not mentioned Direct Direct Plan
3 Not mentioned Regular Direct Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Direct Plan
5 Direct Not Mentioned Direct Plan
6 Direct Regular Direct Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Regular Plan
8 Mentioned Not Mentioned Regular Plan
In cases of wrong/ invalid/ incomplete ARN codes mentioned on the application form, the application
shall be processed under Direct Plan.
Options
Both plans provide two options for investment – Growth Option and Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal (IDCW) Option. Under the IDCW option, facility for Payout of Income Distribution cum
capital withdrawal option (IDCW Payout), Reinvestment of Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal option (IDCW Re-investment) & Transfer of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal
plan (IDCW Transfer) is available. Between “Growth” or “IDCW ” option, the default will be treated
as “Growth”. In “IDCW” option between “IDCW Payout” or “IDCW Reinvestment” or “IDCW
Transfer”, the default will be treated as “IDCW Payout”.
Investor can select only one option either IDCW payout or IDCW reinvestment in IDCW plan at a
Scheme and folio level. Any subsequent request for change in IDCW option viz. IDCW Payout to
IDCW Reinvestment or vice-versa would be processed at the Folio / Scheme level and not at
individual transaction level. Accordingly, any change in IDCW option (IDCW payout / IDCW
reinvestment) will reflect for all the units held under the scheme / folio.
Applicable For Purchases including Switch-ins (irrespective of application amount):
NAV (after 1. In respect of valid applications received upto 3.00 p.m. on a Business Day at the official points of
the scheme acceptance, where funds for the entire amount of subscription/purchase (including switch-ins) are
opens for credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time on the same day i.e. available
subscriptions for utilization before the cut-off time on the same day - the closing NAV of the day shall be applicable.
and
redemptions 2. In respect of valid applications received after 3.00 p.m. on a Business Day at the official points of
) acceptance, where funds for the entire amount of subscription/purchase (including switch-ins) are
credited to the bank account of the Scheme either on the same day or before the cut-off time of the
next Business Day i.e. available for utilization before the cut-off time of the next Business Day – the
closing NAV of the next Business Day shall be applicable.
5

--- PAGE 6 ---
3. Irrespective of the time of receipt of application at the official points of acceptance, where funds
for the entire amount of subscription/purchase (including switch-in) are credited to the bank account
of the Scheme before the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day - i.e. available for utilization
before the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day - the closing NAV of such subsequent
Business Day shall be applicable.
4. In case of switch transactions from one scheme to another scheme, units allotment in switch-in
scheme shall be in line with the redemption payouts.
The aforesaid provisions shall also apply to systematic transactions including Systematic Investment
Plan (SIP), Systematic Transfer Plan (STP), IDCW Transfer etc. irrespective of the installment date or
IDCW record date. For Redemptions including switch-out: In respect of valid applications received
on a business day, upto the 3.00 pm by the Mutual Fund, same day’s closing NAV shall be applicable.
In respect of valid applications received after the 3.00 pm by the Mutual Fund, the closing NAV of
the next business day shall be applicable.
Minimum Purchase Additional Purchase Redemption
Application Rs. 5000/- and in multiples Rs. 1000/- and in multiples of Rs.500/- or 1 Unit or account balance
Amount/ of Re. 1 thereafter Re. 1 thereafter whichever is lower. Please note that
Number of as a result of redemption, if the
Units outstanding balance amount falls
below the minimum redemption
amount as per the scheme features,
SBIMF reserves the right to redeem
the balance units at applicable
repurchase price.
Note – For investments made by designated employees of SBI Funds Management Limited in terms
of paragraph 6.10 of the SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, requirement
for minimum application/ redemption amount will not be applicable
Despatch of Redemption: Under normal circumstances, within 3 working days of the receipt of the redemption
Redemption request at the authorised centre of the SBI Mutual Fund.
Request
Further, in exceptional situations additional timelines in line with AMFI letter no. AMFI/35P/MEM -
COR/74/2022-23 dated January 16, 2023 will be applicable for transfer of redemption or repurchase
proceeds to the unitholders.
Benchmark BSE 500 TRI Index
Index
Dividend The Trustee reserves the right to declare Income Distribution cum Capital withdrawal (IDCW) under
Policy (IDCW) the IDCW option of the Scheme depending on the net distributable surplus available under the
Scheme
The procedure and manner of payment of IDCW shall be in line with Chapter 11 of the SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, as amended from time to time.
Investors are requested to note that amounts can be distributed out of investors capital (Equalization
Reserve), which is part of sale price of the unit that represents realized gains.
Name of the Mr. Dinesh Balachandran
Fund
Manager
6

--- PAGE 7 ---
Name of the SBI Mutual Fund Trustee Company Private Limited
Trustee
Company
Performance
of the scheme Scheme Returns Benchmark Scheme Returns Benchmark
(as on % Returns % % Returns %
September Compounded SBI ELSS Tax SBI ELSS Tax
30th 2025) Annualized Returns Saver Fund - Saver Fund -
BSE 500 TRI BSE 500 TRI
Regular Plan – Direct Plan –
Growth Option Growth Option
Returns for the last
(5.96) (5.50) (5.35) (5.50)
1 year
Returns for the last
24.12 16.12 24.96 16.12
3 years
Returns for the last
24.82 20.66 25.63 20.66
5 years
Returns since
16.23 N.A. 16.30 14.32
inception
Date of inception: 31/03/1993
Returns are CAGR calculated for Growth option. S&P BSE 500 PRI values are available from 1st
February 1999 & S&P BSE 500 TRI values are available from 29th June 2007, hence since inception is
N.A. Direct Plan was introduced on January 01, 2013.
Financial Year performance:
Additional Top 10 holdings by issuer & Fund allocation towards various sectors:
Scheme https://www.sbimf.com/sbimf-top-holdings/018
Related
Disclosures Portfolio Turnover Ratio: 0.14
(as on
September
30th 2025)
Expenses of Continuous Offer
the scheme
7

--- PAGE 8 ---
(i) Load Exit Load: Nil.
Structur The AMC reserves the right to modify / change the load structure on a prospective basis.
e
Pursuant to SEBI Notification dated December 13, 2018, the maximum total expenses of the scheme
under Regulation 52(6)(c) shall be subject to following limits:
Assets under management Slab (in Rs Crores) Total expense ratio limits
(ii) Recurrin
On the first Rs 500 crores of the daily net assets 2.25%
g
expense
On the next Rs 250 crores of the daily net assets 2.00%
s
On the next Rs 1,250 crores of the daily net assets 1.75%
On the next Rs 3,000 crores of the daily net assets 1.60%
On the next Rs 5,000 crores of the daily net assets 1.50%
Total expense ratio reduction of
0.05% for every increase of Rs
On the next Rs 40,000 crores of the daily net assets
5000 crores of daily net assets
or part thereof.
On balance of the assets 1.05%
Actual expenses for the previous financial year: March 31,2025:
Scheme Name Regular Plan Direct Plan
SBI ELSS Tax Saver Fund 1.60% 0.95%
For the actual current expenses being charged, the investors should refer
https://www.sbimf.com/en-us/disclosure/total-expense-ratio-of-mutual-fund-schemes
The maximum limit of recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme would be as per
Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulation, 1996. Investors are requested to read “Section- Annual
Scheme Recurring Expenses” in the SID.
Tax Investors will be advised to refer to the details in the Statement of Additional Information & also
treatment for independently refer to their tax advisor.
the
Investors
Daily Net 11.00 p.m. on same business day -
Asset Value
(NAV) 10:00 a.m. on following business day – In case the scheme invests in foreign securities
Publication
The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of Association of Mutual Funds in India – AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) and on website of the Mutual Fund (www.sbimf.com).
For Investor Name and Address of Registrar: Computer Age SBI Mutual Fund
Grievances Management
please Services. Ltd., Mr. C. A. Santosh
Contact (SEBI Registration No.: INR000002813) (Investor Relations Officer)
Rayala Towers 158, Anna Salai SBI Funds Management Ltd.
8

--- PAGE 9 ---
Chennai - 600002 9th Floor, Crescenzo,
Tel No.: (044)28881101/36 C-38 & 39,G Block,
Fax : (044) 30407101 Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Email: enq_sbimf@camsonline.com, Mumbai – 400 051
Website: www.camsonline.com Tel: 022- 61793537
Email: customer.delight@sbimf.com
Unitholders’ Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI Regulation, the following shall be applicable with respect to
Information account statement:
The asset management company shall ensure that consolidated account statement for each calendar
month is issued, on or before fifteenth day of succeeding month, detailing all the transactions and
holding at the end of the month including transaction charges paid to the distributor, across all
schemes of all mutual funds, to all the investors in whose folios transaction has taken place during
that month:
Provided that the asset management company shall ensure that a consolidated account statement
every half yearly (September/March) is issued, on or before twenty first day day of succeeding
month, detailing holding at the end of the six months and commission paid to the distributor, across
all schemes of all mutual funds, to all such investors in whose folios no transaction has taken place
during that period.
Provided further that the asset management company shall identify common investor across fund
houses by their permanent account number for the purposes of sending consolidated account
statement.
• Account Statements for investors holding demat accounts: Subsequent account statement
may be obtained from the depository participants with whom the investor holds the DP account.
• The asset management company shall issue units in dematerialized form to a unitholder of
the Scheme within two working days of the receipt of request from the unitholder.
In terms of SEBI Circular No. IR/MRD/DP/31/2014 dated November 12, 2014 on Consolidated
Account Statement, investors having Demat account has an option to receive consolidated account
statement:
• Investors having MF investments and holding securities in Demat account shall receive a single
Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) from the Depository.
• Consolidation of account statement shall be done on the basis of Permanent Account Number
(PAN). In case of multiple holding, it shall be PAN of the first holder and pattern of holding. The CAS
shall be generated on a monthly basis.
• If there is any transaction in any of the Demat accounts of the investor or in any of his mutual fund
folios, depositories shall send the CAS within in subsequent month. In case, there is no transaction in
any of the mutual fund folios and demat accounts then CAS with holding details shall be sent to the
investor on half yearly basis.
• In case an investor has multiple accounts across two depositories, the depository with whom the
account has been opened earlier will be the default depository.
The half yearly portfolio of scheme (along with the ISIN) shall be disclosed within 10 days from close
of each half year on the Website of the Mutual Fund (www.sbimf.com) and on the Website of AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com). Also, the Fund shall email the half yearly portfolio to the unitholders whose
email address is registered with the Fund within 10 days from close of each half year. The AMC shall
publish an advertisement in all India edition of at least two daily newspapers, one each in English and
Hindi, every half year disclosing the hosting of the half-yearly statement of the schemes portfolio on
the Website of the Mutual Fund and on the Website of AMFI and shall also specify the modes through
9

--- PAGE 10 ---
which a written request can be submitted by the unitholder for obtaining a copy of the statement of
scheme portfolio. Further, before expiry of one month from the close of each half year i.e. on March
31 or September 30, the Fund shall host a soft copy of half – yearly unaudited financial results on the
website of the Fund and that of AMFI. A notice shall be published disclosing the hosting of such
financial results on the website of the mutual fund, in atleast one English daily newspaper having
nationwide circulation and in a newspaper having wide circulation published in the language of the
region where the Head Office of the mutual fund is situated.
10